&gt;I hope you're not suggesting that anything not explicitly authorized by the Constitution should be forbidden of the federal government. Under what constitutional authority could the government prevent the populace from having nuclear weapons? Should we be allowed to have nuclear weapons?

"The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."

That is exactly what I'm suggesting.  We shouldn't we?  The people that have them no are no less fallible human beings than the general populace.  The COME from the general populace.  Disregarding that private ownership of a nuclear weapon would be nearly impossible given the scale of development.  But the military the congress and the president certainly aren't angels and as our current president has shown he doesn't need approval from anyone to direct the military to bomb others.  How many private individuals have committed genocide, how many governments?  How is the state a more legitimate owner of the power of a nuke than an individual?  I would guess there may already be private ownership nukes. With the break up of the USSR there has been concern that a lot of munitions are not accounted for. Not on the scale of ICBMs but on the scale of a 500 pound artillery shell. I would suggest that no one needs nukes, but Pandora's box has already been opened, they exist and nothing is going to close that lid.

A nuke is very unpractical for a private owner, and most people with the means to own or manufacture one privately could even today if they really set about to own one.  However, in the theoretical what you are asking is WMDs in general so if one someday is created that can be made in a home lab kit there's really not much we'd be able to do about preventing people from having it.

&gt;"Showing correlation not causation?" Isn't that exactly what your North &amp; South Dakota example was? Actually, it is different: the evidence I provided was robust, well-researched, and well-supported, whereas your evidence was a negative correlation you casually noticed in two out of the fifty states. You're holding my evidence to an absurdly high standard while you hold your own to an absurdly low standard.
No statistical study on this subject can provide a 100% guarantee of causality. What I've given you is evidence of a likely (though not definite) causal link. The preponderance of statistical evidence supports the conclusion that guns have made society more dangerous rather than less (I gave you four examples, but there are many, many others). Denying causality so well-established as that between guns and unlawful violence would be like arguing, "I was hungry, so I ate, and now I'm no longer hungry. But correlation doesn't equal causation, so I cannot conclude that eating alleviates hunger."

I showed you a counter example negating your proof.  You say the presence of guns must increase the danger of the persons around them.  I showed you a counter example where that is not true ergo your statement is false.    

&gt;In Alaska, most of them. Alaska has the highest per capita suicide rate in the country. Wyoming is toward the top as well. There is an established connection between availability of firearms and suicide risk (the overall suicide risk, not just the firearm suicide risk, increases when guns are more available). Is suicide less serious than homicide?

So Alaska and Wyoming are depressing places to live, the guns don't cause that.  As far as suicide being less serious than homicide, no I wouldn't say less serious.  But there is a huge difference between the victim also being the person making the decision to pull the trigger and the victim being someone who didn't decide to end their life.  

&gt;I suspect that this will be meaningless to you, but a number of studies strongly suggest a connection between aggression and the mere presence of a gun. In other words, people tend to be more aggressive and therefore more prone to violence in the presence of a gun, irrespective of whether or not that gun is used.

From the second study. "It has been observed with knives as well as guns, with weapon pictures as well as real weapons"  

Would you like to ban knives and pictures of guns as well?  

Reading the  first study says that it was based on shocks given in the presence of a weapon.  I can imagine that in the presence of a weapon the flight of fight response notches up and thus they subjects shock more in response to trying to neutralize a threat in the presence of a weapon.  Again this doesn't really suggest to me carrying a gun is going to cause violence but that brandishing a gun escalates a situation which I would certainly agree with.  Which is why any fire arm self defense classes will admonish against brandishing a gun, it should only be pulled when it needs or is likely to be needed.  As soon as you pull a weapon out other people are going to react to that weapon. 

I would like to see the same study done with the person doing the shocking in control of the weapon and knowing the other person is unarmed and unaware that the shocking person has a weapon.

The second study was on reaction times and equated that to aggression.  Again I believe a fight or flight response may be triggered that gives a heightened awareness but these studies seem to be making very large assumptions from the results.

&gt;That's quite a perversion of my argument. I never said the government should disarm you (even if I did, I'm not sure how this means I want the state "to do violence" upon you), and, if you must know, I don't believe that guns should be banned. It's an unfortunate reflection on the state of the gun debate that anyone who isn't utterly and unquestioningly reverent of absolute gun rights is considered an advocate of confiscation of all firearms.
It's no longer relevant thanks to D.C. v. Heller, but prior to that it was well within the federal government's power to regulate or ban firearms provided it did not infringe upon the states' rights to maintain a militia in so doing. I raised this point not to say that the government should ban guns, only to clarify that it could. Even now, the individual right to bear arms does not preclude any kind of regulation; as the Roberts Court said itself, the Second Amendment, like most rights, is not absolute.

I apologize if I misinterpreted your statement that the only way I should be able to own a gun is if I keep it locked up in my own house and never leave with it because then it would be harming you, as your supporting a ban on carry.  As far as the not sure how that means the state to do violence upon me.  The state is violence, that is the only power it has, any regulation any law is eventually enforced through violence.

The federal courts have ruled that the federal govt has the power to make federal laws.  That doesn't mean that it doesn't infringe upon the constitution as written it just means that they've decided thats the case.  Just like Bush decided he could make people "enemy combatants"  on his say so through executive order.  Just like Obama decided through executive order that he can kill us citizens on his say so or bomb other countries on his say so.

Again this is the difference between how it is and how it should be, but just because the federal government marches in lock step doesn't mean it is right.  
