I am a stripper.  

I do not think you've necessarily "been had" by someone who was calculatingly trying to scam you, but it does sound like this relationship is unhealthy, that neither you nor this woman are able to set healthy boundaries, and that you need to back away.  

As to "being had"...there is a not insignificant number of men who come into clubs *specifically* to form transactional "friendships" with dancers.  They are, often quite openly, less interested in paying for a service (eg, watching a performance) than they are in being someone's patron: paying for companionship, friendship, the illusion of love, an amateur therapist, etc.  On a shift last week, an older man eagerly told me about how he refurbished computers for dancers, who then became his friends, and asked me if I was by any chance in technological need?   I told him no, and then excused myself-- this kind of attempt to buy a person/friendship goes way past my personalcomfort/ethics/safety boundaries, and those of many dancers, regardless of how profitable they may be.    

There are many reasons that customers seek out these situations, ranging from sinister to very sad--because they want to have power over the women and feel in control of the relationship, because they have self-esteem issues and feel that they need to contribute tangibly (financially) to a relationship in order to deserve companionship, or, like you, because they are emotionally vulnerable and unaware that this kind of patronage is going on.   In your stripper's possible defense, it is not always as easy to tell which of these things are motivating a friendly customer as it was with computer guy.  

Regardless of how exploitative these situations are or can be, many of the women who participate in these kinds of relationships do genuinely become emotionally attached to their patrons-- it's difficult for two people who are intimate with each other to NOT become emotionally entangled.  This presents a huge problem, and is why most newbie strippers are warned to never fraternize with paying customers outside the club: it is almost impossible to relate to another person like this in a healthy way, and the power dynamics of these bought friendships are so inherently toxic that they are a breeding ground for abuse and dysfunction from everyone involved.   Stalking, financial exploitation, intensely abusive relationships, etc, etc- that mixture of dependence, obligation, entitlement, and (often mutual) loneliness and desperation is poison.

FWIW, the women who get entangled in relationships like this are usually NOT the cold, calculating types who are "all about money."  Those dancers generally have enough control over their lives to not enter into inherently risky, unstable Sugar Daddy situations.  

I think it's more likely that, rather than being scammed by a cold-hearted con artist, you got involved with a messed up woman who is (at least emotionally) cheating on her fiance, who has dependency and boundary issues-- someone who is herself not able to draw the line between personal and transactional relationships.  It's possible that she did in fact fall for you, was unable to cut off the client/customer relationship, and the aspect of her being a stripper was less relevant than her being someone who escaped into another relationship and hid it from both her boyfriend and her fiance.  You may unfortunately never get the "real proof" you want because this girl may not know the "real story" of her relationship with you herself.  

This is still incredibly dysfunctional, and I think you need to exit this relationship (don't stalk her, either), step back, and try to process and recover from your divorce. It sounds like you're in a lot of pain right now, and I hope you find the healing you need--but I'd honestly recommend that you stop going to strip clubs, and spend the money on a credentialed therapist/counselor instead.  Good luck.  

