&gt;The Bible doesn't "strive" for anything. The Bible is an anthology of authors who were mostly unaware of each other and unaware that they were writing anything that would be canonized into the Bible.

Christians believe the Bible to be the divinely inspired word of God. Does it not follow that if it is inspired, it ought to be internally consistent?

&gt;The census happened ten years after Herod died.

&gt;Archelaus was Tetrarch of Judea from 4 BCE to 6 CE. He was so incompetent that he was removed by the Romans and Judea was annexed into the province of Syria. Quirinius was then appointed Governor of Syria and his first order of business was to impose a census and a tax. This was the first Roman census in Judea, and the first census in Palestine at all in centuries. It caused riots and small scale revolts.

&gt;It did not apply to Galilee. Galilee was still under the authority of Antipas and not subject to a tax. No one living in Nazareth would have been affected by it or required to do anything.

&gt;No census ever required anybody to return to their ancestral homes anyway. It would have been logistically impossible and served no purpose. It is frankly an absurdity on the part of Luke and is almost ipso facto proof that he's making up his entire nativity.

We are talking about textual consistency. If you want to have a discussion about exegesis, that's fine; but understand that the question as posed did not invite extrinsic evidence.

&gt;Luke says Joseph and Mary went straight to Nazareth after presenting Jesus at the Temple.

For reference: Luke 2:39 And when they had performed everything according to the Law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own town of Nazareth.

So Joseph either took his family to Egypt after performing the rituals in Jerusalem (halfway through verse 39) or after a quick stop in Nazareth (after verse 39). The verse you referred to is not dispositive of the Matthew account if we view it in a light favoring textual harmony. Neither account is meant to be exhaustive.
