The Terminator's alarms blare on its HUD.  Its internal power core has been damaged.  Unless emergency repairs are made, it will power down within the hour.  It must finish this fight.  It begins to walk forward.

The Predator sees the Terminator walking forward.  He takes off his helmet and removes his chest armor.  The Predator is nearly naked, only a loincloth and fishnet clothing cover its body.  It finally removes its wrist-blades, and charges.  The rain is a drenching downpour, both enemies obscured by it.  The Predator grins again.  This will truly be a good hunt.

The opponents collide.  Each blow staggers the other, even in their wounded states they attack with the ferocity of animals.  The ground below is pooled with both red hunks of flesh and green blood.  The Terminator is virtually stripped of its flesh now, the red eyes glowing in the rain.  The Predator is also in bad shape, two ribs are broken and lacerations coat its torso.  He shoves the Terminator, who immediately rises up, grabs the Predator, and flings him away.  The Predator kicks the Terminator in the chest, the metal endoskeleton dented by the powerful blow.  The Predator tackles the Terminator and pounds its head, hoping to take out its CPU.  The Terminator responds by reaching up and breaking one of the Predator's mandibles.  With a mighty roar, the Predator rises up.  He needs to finish this, now!

With increased ferocity he pounds away at the Terminator.  The endoskeleton is in bad shape, and the Predator's knuckles are skinned to the bone.  Even now the Predator persists, the Terminator also unrelenting.  The cyborg assassin knocks down the alien hunter, and begins to choke it.  The Predator, reaches around for something, until he finds his wrist blade.  With all of its strength behind it, the Predator decapitates the machine.  The glowing red eyes flicker, then dim out.

**Two hours later.**

The wall is coated with skulls of all kinds, from small mammals to massive beasts.  The Predator, however, is proudest of its newest addition to its collection:  A skull, like a man's, except made of metal and with red eyes.  The Predator leaves the Earth, badly beaten but alive, and unaware that it just saved the future of humankind. 
