Overly dramatic much?  The vast majority of people who contract herpes have very mild or no symptoms after the first outbreak. About half of people diagnosed only have symptoms once or twice.  For those who have recurring symptoms, the symptoms are generally mild and decrease in frequency and severity as time goes on.  Honestly, the common cold is generally worse and more debilitating.  

The chances of passing it in childbirth are highly unlikely, so calm yourself.  The risk is fairly low to begin with. If you tell your doctor that you have herpes, they will put you on antivirals during the pregnancy to be safe.  If you have a herpes outbreak during delivery, they will give you a C-section.

There is no guarantee that herpes will be protected against with a condom, but it can be in most cases, especially if you do not have sex during an outbreak.  Men are significantly less at risk at contracting the disease than women in heterosexual relationships.

Your wild conclusion that "Being with someone with herpes is willingly infecting yourself" is completely unfounded.  That is always risk, but there are many couples with one infected partner who go on for years without contracting the disease because they are informed.  I personally know of several such couples.

There are medications you can take to reduce the risk of passing along the disease.

A lot of people have herpes, but they are asymptomatic and unaware that they have been in contact with herpes.  Many of these people are unknowingly spreading it.  You may be one of them.  Herpes is always a risk during sexual intercourse.   It is typically not checked for during routine STD tests, unless the person has symptoms.

You are correct.  She is not one in a million.  She is somewhere between one in six or one in five people with genital herpes.  This statistic does not include herpes type 1.  Some sources indicate that the number of people infected is actually significantly higher than 1 in 5 - that's just the number who present symptoms.

Fun statistic: In the UK, 7 out of 10 people will catch one of the strands of herpes during their lifetime, but only 1 in 5 will have symptoms (cold sores if oral, genital sores if genital).

Your "raging burning genitals" comment is ridiculous as symptoms are generally mild and rare after the first contracting the virus.

If you don't want to date someone who has herpes, that's fine - I understand that, and I'm not sure I would have either - but you don't have to be an ignorant Dbag about it.

Edit:  In case you are interested, scientists are working on a herpes vaccine and may or may not be close, so this may be a moot issue in the near future.

Sources: http://www.cdc.gov/std/herpes/stdfact-herpes.htm

http://www.webmd.com/genital-herpes/guide/genital-herpes-overview-facts

http://www.shs.usf.edu/userfiles/files/herpes.pdf

http://www.womenshealth.gov/publications/our-publications/fact-sheet/genital-herpes.html#i

http://www.herpes.org.uk/pil.html


