"Organic" doesn't actually mean much. Right when the movement began, government stepped in and took over and created labeling requirements that basically gutted the movement, all because Corporate America was scared of a grass roots movement promoting healthy non-industrial food production. I almost died several years ago, in large part due to malnutrition and have been extremely diligent in educating myself since then. 

Properly homegrown produce and meat will have exceptionally higher levels of nutrients than commercial "organic" or standard produce purchased in the store. It all starts with the soil and then the supporting biosystems; the chickens support the vegetable garden, cows, goats and sheep. The cows return more nutrients to the soil than they took, resulting in ever increasing fertility, plus providing an excellent food source for the pigs and chickens. All of the livestock, not to mention the microbes that count on them for a healthy environment, are necessary to produce healthy and nutritious life. But this is not what happens in America; Corporate American "agriculture" (CAA) is based on a mono-culture system, in vast disharmony with the way nature works. In fact CAA is so terrified of sustainable permaculture that it has worked tirelessly with congress and the USDA to effectively ban it's widespread adoption.

You are exactly right about vegetables making you sick. Most store bought vegetables (including "organic") were grown using chemical (heavy metal) fertilizers. The chemical build-up becomes so toxic that "farmers" have to plant root crops (potatoes, beets, carrots, etc) in between the cash crops in order to leach the heavy metals from the ground. Guess who gets to eat those toxic metals? I don't use pesticides. They are unnecessary if you practice good permaculture methods. Just think for a minute. In nature do insect pests eat all of the plant life? Why not? If we mimic nature we will have better results, rather than trying to play God.

The government works hard to protect the megacorp CAA industry, through the spreading of fear or through regulating competing methods out of existence. The mormon church is not the only organization to use fear as a tool to get its way. 

Look up raw milk on the FDA website and they will tell you that it is a toxic substance sure to kill you if you drink it. Yet millions of Americans drank it without ill effect, rather to the increase of their health, prior to the existence of the FDA. Look closely at the laundry list of all the reasons the FDA gives that raw milk is pathogenic and toxic. It all boils down to shit! Evey one of their points is caused by fecal contamination. If you eat anything smeared with crap you'll have the same problems. I don't know about you, but I don't eat shit. The FDA's statement on raw milk though is a tacit admission that crap is in the milk you buy in the store. If you don't know where your food is coming from or how it is grown, you are eating crap, toxic metals and chemicals, harmful hormones and anti-biotics, and God knows what else.

Sorry if I sound over the top on all this stuff. It is something that I am very passionate about. Belief in the church was the last thing to fall for me, before that I had my eyes opened to all the corruption and deceit in all the other facets of my life. You can always count on corrupt people at the top of any corporation or industry to make decisions based on increasing their own wealth and power, even if those decisions have bad (or even fatal) consequences for the end user. No one cares about your life like you do. The only way to protect yourself and your family is by continually educating and informing yourself on issues that effect you (which can be extremely daunting a task when the powers that be often are working overtime to keep us in the dark and unaware that many of the issues even exist at all). And once you know the truth, to chart your own path through all the hazards regardless of what others around you chose to do.
