I never got around to asking them, but I don't like how it's assumed that the answer to this question is always "I didn't decide", "I was born this way" or something similar, something finite and unchangeable. What you are doing here is guessing the answer to be because of your opinions and popular belief, not based on solid facts and findings or personal experience . Would you dispute me if I told you the answer **could** be anything else? You might be right or wrong, we'll never know because this event has not taken place yet.



The reason I feel this way was because this certain homosexual friend of mine was straight in the past and was having a very great relationship with a girl whom he really loves. They looked like the perfect couple and were inseparable. But at one point of time they had a huge fight and broke up. He was a very emotional person, so you could see how the breakup affected his life, falling into depression and contemplating suicide. But something happened along the way, and while he was recovering from depression, he started to discover homosexuality and slowly, became more vocal and acceptable to the idea to the point where he decides to be openly gay and have a gay relationship. He reconciled with his ex-gf and they have decided to become friends. 

Now from this anecdote, do you think he became gay because his biological system decided that or was it the emotional scar that was left after the breakup, leading him to discover alternative relationships to avoid being hurt again? I guess we wouldn't know, or more importantly, I wouldn't know because I never asked him. 



What I am trying to say is I think we shouldn't make finite decisions or favor a certain outcome influenced by our own views and opinions when we still don't know the whole story, but instead from a neutral standpoint. Being in the neutral standpoint doesn't mean we should stop being civil and deny LGBTs the rights as a person, citizen or  more importantly a living breathing human being! Ignorance is a wonderful thing when you are aware of it because it allows you to question and learn more, but when you are ignorant and unaware, that becomes a problem. 


A problem that affects both sides of any argument/discussion.
