An improbably polished looking woman sits on a rocking chair on a sunny porch.  She is elderly, her gray hair is perfectly quaffed, and her wrinkled face is smoothed over with impeccable makeup.  She smiles wistfully into the distance, nursing a glass of lemonade.



*We all have a memory we love … You know the one.  That place inside where you can retreat to when the world seems bleak… That bright moment in the past that you carry with you, everywhere you go.*



Music swells.  Close up on the woman’s face.  She is smiling, her eyes sparkling, wrinkling at the corners.  The sun dances warmly on her skin.



*Now you can experience that moment again, in real time.  Memortek™ enhances your nostalgic recollections, making the details as vivid as the day they happened.*



The woman looks straight into the camera, laughing, flawlessly white teeth exposed in an exaggerated smile.  Her face fades into the image of a beautiful young lady dancing under the stars with a handsome young man. 



*Developed with cutting edge neuroscience, Memortek™ stimulates your brain’s sensory receptors whenever you use the parts of your brain dedicated to long term memory recall.*



A meaningless graph without numbers appears.  The frame pans out, revealing a distinguished looking man in a white coat talking with the same old woman from before.  He pats her reassuringly on the shoulder, as inspiring music plays.



*We guarantee you won’t be able to tell the difference.*



Big blue letters in the corner of the screen: MEMORTEK™ YOUR PAST, ONLY BETTER.  The dancing young couple is back, spinning around the screen with music sweetly filling the air.



*Talk with your doctor to see if Memortek™ is right for you.  Memortek™ is not for people with a history of depression.  Side effects include headaches, nausea, paranoia,depression,frequentlyaccompaniedby…*

----

“How are you Mister…Aster,” a balding doctor with glasses propped up by a large, greasy nose is thumbing through a chart.  An elderly man is perching on the chair across from him. 



“I saw a commercial…”  The elderly man starts to speak but hesitates. 



“Yes…?”



“For something called Memortek.” 



The doctor looks up. “And you want a prescription?”



“Yes.  Please.” 



“Why wouldn’t you take this to your primary physician?” The doctor lifts his glasses, rubbing his eyes with one hand.  “The free clinic seems like a hell of a lot of trouble for something like this. You must have been waiting for hours.”



Mister Aster brushes off the doctor’s questions. “I really think I could…benefit…from Memortek.” He slowly but steadily picks his words. “My memory isn’t what is used to be…but the memories I do have...I want to save them.”



“Well, you understand the drug won’t save your memories? It will just enhance the ones you have.  And you can’t exactly choose *which* memory is enhanced.  The memories that will interact with the drug will be the strongest, not necessarily the best.”



“Right.  Yes.  That sounds fine.”  Mister Aster is running his hands nervously along the sweat-stained band of an old hat. 



The doctor casts a critical eye over the overweight, grey haired man before him.  “You see, at this stage in your life…” 



Mister Aster’s eyes are pleading, desperate.  The lines in his face are downturned in an expression permanent sadness.



The doctor pauses, his mouth open, forming around a word.  He winces slightly at the dejected picture Mister Aster presents. 



The door of the examination room opens a crack. 



“Doctor Graham?  Your wife is on line two. It sounds urgent.”



The doctor straightens.  “Right.  Ah…Memortek was it?”  He begins scribbling on a pad, tearing off a sheet and handing it hurriedly to Mister Aster.  “Great, wonderful.  Just take this to your regular pharmacy.” 



The doctor exits the room quickly, and Mister Aster delicately folds the paper in his hands, placing it reverently in his shirt pocket.

 
----


Mister Aster is sitting in his favorite armchair.  It is well worn, purple velour, perfectly formed to his shape.  He takes a small blue pill from a full bottle, and places it squarely on his tongue.  He takes a large swallow from a cheap beer can.



He closes his eyes and rests his wrinkled hands on the armrests of his chair, waiting resolutely.



Breathing in.  Breathing out.



*Deep breath in.  Deep breath out.*



He is driving.  The windows are down, the wind raking through his wavy brown hair.  Gretchen is in the seat beside him.  Her dark hair is pulled into a loose bun, and she is wearing a brown dress with a pattern of tiny pink flowers.



And she is pregnant.  Radiantly, gorgeously pregnant.  She has one hand resting on her swollen belly, pushing out against the fabric of her dress; her other hand is gently clutching his arm.  His beautiful wife, gently caressing the curve of their unborn child.



“Slow down, Mel,” she coos softly. 



She had a soft, silken voice.  He missed that about her.  But she was here now.  He stirs in the purple chair. 



*Deep breath.  In.  Out.* 



“Don’t worry,” he is laughing. “I’m being careful.”



She sighs. “Right, but.  I think just to be safe… You did have that extra beer…”



“Oh, for fuck’s sake, Gretchen!”  Anger flashes through him.  “Get off my case, I can handle my liquor—just *trust* me!” 



Her hand retreats from his arm.  Her voice snaps, with a sudden edge to it, “Mel—“



He reaches across the seat, placing a hand over her mouth, cutting her off.  “Just stop!  We’re almost home, anyway.”



She wriggles beneath his hand, and he tightens his fingers around her jaw. 



“Shhh.  Goddamn it, just shhhh.”



He looks over at her.  Her blue eyes are burning with indignation.  He stares at her, at once aware and unaware that this would be the last time he would see her alive. 



A subdued sob racks his chest, tears dampen his wrinkled cheeks.  



*Breathe. Stay with her.*



He sees her eyes go from angry to afraid.  The car lurches around them, and they both catapult forward, propelled together through space.  His hand loosens, releasing her face, suspended in the air in front of her. 



She is crossing her arms protectively around her abdomen.  He stiffens his arm to brace her. 

Blinding pain.  The crunching sound of metal chewing them to pieces.  Her sweet voice: shredded, screaming, before suddenly falling silent.  Panic swallowed by reeling motion.  Chaos. 

He grips the edges of his chair. 



“Gretchen, I’m so sorry,” he whispers to an empty room.  His voice breaks.  “I’m so sorry.” 



As soon as he had seen the commercial for Memortek, he had known.  This would be his punishment. The memory he had relived every day since it had happened would be resurrected.  In real time. 



*We guarantee you won’t be able to tell the difference.*



He opens the bottle and takes out another blue pill, swallowing it just like before.  This was his penance. 



*… details as vivid as the day they happened…*



But things would be better this time around. 



*MEMORTEK™ YOUR PAST, ONLY BETTER*



This time, he would die alongside his wife and unborn child.  Or the next time.  Or the time after that.
