**TL;DR** I have no idea how you contact your father, but I will tell you the story of my father's death, and I hope it gives you some kind of comfort. It will be long. I'm sorry.  But I'm crying right now as if I lost him yesterday, and it's been nearly ten years. I feel the pain you're experiencing and I want to reach out to you.

My father died in 2005. It was very sudden.  He was on the 5th day of a cross-country cycling trip.  He dropped dead on the side of the road from an aortic dissection.  He was 59.  He was always very healthy and athletic.  Ran marathons when he was younger, and when his knees went bad, he started cycling.  His knees were getting worse, so he was considering taking up golf after this one last trip.

And it was the last trip. He died on the side of a beautiful mountain pass outside of Sweet Home, Oregon. There is a cross on the side of the road for his memory. 

But back to your topic.

I was 24 when he died.  I had just moved to Hawaii from California to be with my fiance (who had moved there 7 months prior). I'd been there four months. We were starting a life together, and we were so happy. I talked to my father on the phone the day before he died. I was excitedly talking about plans for my wedding, and I remember that he had kind of sanguinely said, "Just be happy together.  Don't worry about all those little details.  Just get married and be happy." 

Then, when I was driving to work the next morning at 10 am (I had been up since 8), I dozed off and coasted to the side of the road where the rocks under my tires woke me up and made me correct my path. I lived a ten minute drive from my work, and it was 10 am.  There was no reason to fall asleep.

I worked my shift, but had forgotten my phone at home.  The restaurant was busy, but I was off by 2 pm, and zoomed home.  I got online and saw my uncle who lived in Wisconsin was also online.  I messaged him that I was so excited that I had just deposited money into some six month CDs for the wedding.

He only replied, "You need to call your mom."

So I did.  

And she answers, saying, "Baby, Daddy had a heart attack." 

"Oh my god.  Is he okay?"

"Oh, baby girl... he's gone."  

Weeping.

I was silent for I don't know how long.  Sitting on my couch, looking out my patio door at My Hawaii, where I'd been living in a fucking honeymoon for four months with the man I was going to marry. The plumeria was sweet on the air, the clouds had come over and we were going to get our usual afternoon rain.  It hit me and I remember crying, but not knowing why I was crying.  Like my mind and my body were suddenly detached from each other. 

Skipping to the aftermath is hard, but I will.  (Summary: I flew home, planned his memorial, dealt with the details because my mother and siblings were apparently less able than I was to deal with these things.) 

While in California, I went for one night to my parents' mountain cabin, where they had brought the boxes and boxes of family pictures.  Their plan was to sort them all out and put them in albums. I needed the pictures because a family friend was creating a photo montage for my father's memorial. 

That night, while sleeping in the cabin, which had been my parents' beloved empty next project, where they spent their retirement being romantic and doing all the stuff they couldn't do when kids were around, I had a dream.

In the dream, I woke in the bed in cabin.  I awoke because I heard knocking on the door. I went down the hall and opened the door, and it was daytime outside. There was a woman standing in front of me, and I could see my father out behind her at the edge of the yard, near the street.  He had his hands stuffed into his pockets and he was sort of shuffling and kicking at the dirt, like a little boy who is in trouble for something.  He wouldn't look at me. 

The woman was really beautiful, in a strong-boned, natural kind of way.  Like Isabella Rosselini.  Short brown hair, no makeup, strong eyebrows, square jaw, full lips.  She was slim and her accent was vaguely European. 

She turned to me and matter-of-factly told me, "I'm very sorry that I have to be the one to tell you these things.  Your mother and father have had a 'life-divorce'. Your father will be with me now, and I will take care of him. He loves you very much, and he loves your mother and your brothers very much.  He wants to say goodbye, but he doesn't know how.  Please be happy."

That was the first of many dreams.

For a solid six months from then on, I had nearly nightly dreams where my father would appear out of nowhere. I always felt like I was running late when he finally appeared.  Like I had been foolishly navigating my way through some ridiculous dream, unconscious, and unaware that I was *supposed to be somewhere*.  Like we had arranged to meet in some familiar place in my dream world, like my childhood home, or my car, or at my workplace, but I'd been idiotically trapped in unconsciousness for so long that when I finally arrived at our meeting place, there was always very little time left for us to catch up.

And that's usually what we did.  He always looked young, dressed like he did during the 70's, before I was born, and always really healthy and happy. We'd just catch up.  Talk about what was bothering me, or what I needed advice about. He listened better than he ever had when he was alive.

Meanwhile, I felt presences during the day, when I was awake. It always felt like there was someone immediately to my left.  I could hear an echo on my left side whenever I spoke.  Imagine you're standing next to a wall.  When you talk, you hear a slight echo or resonance in whichever ear is facing the wall.  That's what it felt like.  It was always there.

In an effort to conquer my grief and move on, I took some meditation classes at this crazy hippie joint called the Clairvoyant Center.  One of the perks offered in purchasing the meditation classes was a so-called "aura reading."  During this thing, they sit you down in front of five "clairvoyant students" who are total strangers to you, and they tell you stuff.  You don't tell them anything. I took most of it with a grain of salt until one of them stopped the "readers" for a moment and told me that she was having trouble reading me because my father was with me and he thought what I was doing was really, really disturbing.  She proceeded to describe him in perfect detail.  "He looks really rugged. He's wearing a plaid flannel shirt.  He has a beard and blue eyes and is very handsome. He's standing on your left, very close to you.  He feels like he needs to protect you right now from what we're doing, and it's really getting in the way of our reading."

I'm not a terribly credulous person, and was doing this mostly for amusement. But this was too much.  It was just too weird.

She said, "Okay, I'm going to ask him to go outside into the front yard if that's okay with you?  I'm going to love him and tell him that we love you and only want to help you with what we're doing here."

And for a little while, that sensation of being next to a wall was gone. Just a little while.

The last dream I ever had where I felt my father visited me was about six months after his death. I had just talked to my mother that day, and she was going through another bout of grief, talking about how she just wanted her cancer to kill her so she could be with him again. (Yeah, she had cancer too.) I felt angry in my dream and asked my father why he never visited my mother in her dreams like he did with me. She was so desperate for some sign that he was still there, that he hadn't just abandoned her.

He leaned on the counter (this dream was taking place in a fogged-up bathroom where, for some reason, hot water had been running), and looked really, really sad.  He didn't talk for a moment. Then he said, "I want to."

"Then why haven't you???" I demanded.

"If your mom knew that she could be with me in the dream world, she'd never wake up."

So that was that.  That was the last dream. I have waited and waited for more, but since then, the dreams I've had about my father were *about* my father, not *with* him, if you get what I'm saying.  He's not interacting with me in a way that suggests he's actually there.  In other words, in all my dreams since then, my father has just been part of the dream, part of my psyche, part of my imagination.

I don't know what happened. I don't know if I was just dreaming him to cope with my grief, or if he was actually there. But I know that it gave me a tremendous amount of comfort.  And if, in fact, my father was actually visiting my dreams (which I entertain probably, logically, wasn't the case), he made it clear that it was because he felt safe doing so.  He made sure to tell me that it was because he trusted that I was the one who could handle it. My mother couldn't.  My siblings couldn't.  They would have broken if it had happened to them.  

The freaky "clairvoyants" made sure to tell me that the moment my father died, he panicked. He wasn't ready, and he had this giant load of psychic energy to dump that he hadn't dealt with. They said that in the moment, he had picked me as the most competent person to deal with it, because the others would have been unable to handle it. 

Nearly ten years later, I miss my dad almost every day. I felt it all again just writing this.  I don't know what happened, but I know that it was very real to me at the time.  I often wish he'd give me some sign now that he's still around, but he doesn't. Maybe it was all in my head.  Grief is powerful and mind-altering. But it felt very, very real to me.

Maybe your father hasn't come around because he's afraid of what it would do to you.  I know that my experience really dominated my life for awhile. It was disturbing.  Perhaps your father just doesn't want to do that to you. 

I am so sorry this happened.  Please be well. 

 
