&gt; You're making both arguments NOW. The comment you made that I responded to was that it was illegal. It's not. You expanded the context to "right and wrong" afterward. I am not obligated to follow you on your increased scope.

Of course I was making both arguments. I have been all along. That's what is so frustrating about this. You seem completely oblivious to everything I say and then seem genuinely confused and unaware that I'm making points that I've made long ago and defended over multiple posts.

This is, honestly, the strangest discussion I've ever had with someone. You continually analyze the quantity of arguments that I'm making and reference this as if it is a rebuttal. I make one argument and then, rather than address it you explain that I have made an argument and that you don't have to address it. When I make an additional argument, you point out that I've made two arguments and decide that I'm just being inconsistent rather than acknowledge that two separate points have been made. When I try to discuss one of the two (or more) points that I've brought up you just count up the number of points I'm specifically addressing in that post, say it aloud and then decide that you are unhappy with that. It's like arguing with Count von Count from the Sesame street. Every response I give to you, you reply with the equivalent of "One! You've made one, argument! ah ah ahhhhh...".

&gt; You have no basis for making this claim. In common law societies like ours, you can walk into a place if you want. You're only guilty of trespassing if you ignore a posted sign denying you entry, or refuse a legitimate order to leave. That's how the law works, and all your rationalizations won't change that fact.

This is not what a common law society means. Regardless, I know what you're trying to say and you're wrong. The ability to "walk into a place if you want" only applies to public areas. This right is not extended to private property or private institutions. This is precisely why I am not entitled to walk into your home without your permission. Your place of work is a private institution and you don't have this right to access that you, for some reason, think is true of a common law society.

&gt; You can believe it's wrong all you want. That's subjective, and i don't really care what you believe in that regard. My issue is with you saying it's illegal, which is an objective, and false, statement. And you have repeatedly failed to show me a law that is violated by doing it.

Me saying it is wrong for you to violate a contract is not subjective. At least it isn't subjective to me, specifically. Everything about society is fundamentally subjective but the idea that contracts must be held between parties is something that is agreed upon the general consensus of our society. That is as objective as anything ever gets in a society. It's certainly as objective as, "murder is wrong" or other forgone conclusions.

&gt; I don't HAVE to justify it to you. I don't owe you anything. I only have to justify it to myself. Whether you think it's wrong or not is completely irrelevant. You can make whatever subjective moral judgments you want. I'm not subject to your moral discretion.

BUT THAT'S A SEPARATE ISSUE! It's fine if you decide you don't want to justify things to me. That's your prerogative. But that isn't what I was criticizing. You claimed that you had already successfully justified something to me. Now you are claiming that you don't have to. Those are separate issues. I'm fine with the later but you did not fulfill the former and your claim that you had is what I was addressing. 
