&gt;     Just not the level of control and manipulation we have now.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; You realize there's substantially less regulation than in the 1930's and 40's, right?

Well, since Constantly spews out new laws every day and enacts new bureaucracies and departments on a regular basis, that create new rules on their own, you would be wrong.


 
&gt;     I'd prefer govt size and spending at 1920's level.
 
&gt; Yea man, the roaring 20's. Nothing bad came out of that, am I right?

Yes. We had a govt intervene and make a normal downturn last for a decade. Whereas most of the rest of the world just had a hiccup. See, it was only called the Great Depression in the US, and nowhere else in the world,  because other govt's didn't interfere like ours did.


&gt;Not by companies, but by govt debt and monetary policy.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Again, this doesn't make sense. The government policies exist because we created them to counter the problems that private companies created. Nearly every regulation we have ever had can draw a connection to some type of crisis caused by the private sector that forced its need. Can you give me some examples of regulations that are fundamentally problematic?

Obamacare.

 
&gt; Here's again what I don't get. Yea, there are many government actions that corrupt the system because they play favorites with corporations. But how is it a better scenario to grant the companies themselves even more power.

More power to do what?

 
&gt; What regulations do you suggest that are magically uncurroptable? 

So now you are ADMITTING regulations are corruptible and can be bad!!!

Are you bipolar and unaware that you are arguing against yourself!


&gt;You seem to want as "small a government footprint as possible", but how do you accomplish that without opening the door to a system that begins to get usurped by these private companies?

I just want less fed control. States should have more say.

&gt;The problem is that private companies retain too much power to the point where they can break down the system.

Where did a company bankrupt a nation more than the govt's that destroyed themselves?

You again failed to make a comparison of what happens in the real world. You only cited one sided talking points.



