I went NC with my parents individually. 

My father didn't give a single fuck. He likely thinks he cut me off and not the other way around. 

My mother went the opposite direction. She called with increasing frequency. She called every personal number she had for myself and my wife. We blocked every number my FOO might use to call us. She contacted my wife's place of employment. The first time, my wife was not there. After the second time, her company blocked the number. She emailed both of us. At first, I tried filtering them into a hidden folder so I wouldn't have to see them. The temptation to look was too great, however. I looked anyway and was disgusted by the flagrant gaslighting and attempted emotional manipulation. Her emails are all now deleted as soon as they are received. I have no idea whether she emails anymore or not.

Eventually, my violent brother tried to intimidate me into breaking NC. My brother is a chronically unemployed hothead who had no problem driving across the country to show up at my front door unannounced. Now, he knew where my family and I lived, but he had already been explicitly told he was not welcome on my property after physically assaulting my preschool-aged daughter. He claimed he came to my house to "check on me" because he had heard I was in the hospital and I wasn't recovering well. I *had* been in the hospital, but over six months prior, and I was recovering just fine. He thought he had an excuse to violate my boundaries.

I stepped outside to speak with him, closing the door behind me because I was home alone with my two young children. He started rambling about how I "probably didn't want to see him and he knew [I] said he wasn't allowed on my property" but he "needed to make sure I was alright" because of what he heard.

I said, "I have nothing to say to you."

He asked if I wanted his phone number.

I said, "no."

He asked if I never intended to speak to him or our parents ever again. I could see the anger building in his eyes.

I said, "I said I have nothing to say to you."

He started talking again and, to be honest, I don't remember what he said. I just remember seeing him get angrier the more he talked and being afraid that if he assaulted me and overpowered me, my children were inside my house defenseless and alone.

I said, "Leave my property immediately."

He stopped talking. He glared. Then he turned, walked back toward the driveway, got in his car, and drove away. I made sure he actually left, then went back into the house, locked the front doors, and double checked that all the windows were barred.

That is the last time I saw my brother or any member of my FOO. I was so terrified, my wife and I packed up and moved house within a week. We had a month remaining on the lease, but we just paid it and told the landlord we were vacating the property. We told him not to give out our contact information to anyone claiming to be related to us. Now, no one who might possibly give our contact information to my FOO has any idea where we live. We have a post office box. That is the only address we use on any paperwork.

That experience was terrifying, but I am proud of myself for how I handled it. I did not react emotionally. I kept my voice level. I did not allow him to get to me or trick me into divulging anything. I can look back on it and know I kept my children safe and unaware that anything bad was happening. I conducted myself with dignity and self-respect.

