I'm from Brazil, and  I agree with your statement, but it is somewhat vague. 

Even though elections are compulsory, you can simply vote 'blank' -  meaning that you are not forced to vote for a candidate, but simply to vote, that is the law.

Elections are held on Sundays to avoid the creation of a random holiday (which is really effective), and take place in schools or universities closest to the voter. 

The voting system is automated, making it one of the few in the world, and works really well; it is efficient and simple to use.

This sort of invalidates the 'being forced to vote' part, however, it is a problem because people are misinformed, meaning that they won't vote for the celebrity, but to the one that said one thing they approved of.

On the other hand, I have a perfect example for the 'celebrity' thing you said. A man named Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva, actor, clown (yes, google him if you don't believe me) and singer/songwriter ran for National Congress to represent the State of Sao Paulo 'just for the shits and giggles' one could say, and he is also known by his stage name Tiririca (you don't need to speak Portuguese to understand how stupid this sounds). He ran in 2010, and not only did he win, but he was the second-most-voted congressman in Brazil's history. There's also this channel that did some interviews on the day of the election and asked why some people would vote for him, their reason was that he would make congress "more lively" due to his "experience as a clown". 
However the worst part: he is illiterate... He was prosecuted and said he had a disorder dysgraphia which did not allow him to hold a pen properly, meaning he could not take writing exams, forcing the prosecutors to drop the case due to lack of supporting evidence. Oh, and it gets worse: he was seen a few weeks later signing autographs (scribbles in this case) with his technically impaired hand, and just in case you wanted to know his logos: "O que é que faz um deputado federal? Na realidade, eu não sei. Mas vote em mim que eu te conto" ("What does a federal congressman do? I really don't know – but vote for me and I'll let you know"), "Pior que está não fica, vote no Tiririca" ("It can't get any worse, vote Tiririca") and even "Se eleito prometo ajudar todas as famílias brasileiras...especialmente a minha" ("If elected I promise I will help all Brazilian families... especially mine").

The voting system works, but the politics in Brazil are honestly so fucked up, and the biggest flaw in all of this is that some (mainly the working class) are so ignorant and unaware that they end up completely destroying the purpose of elections. 

So yeah, submitting a ballot, in my opinion, should be compulsory, but only if awareness of politics is increased.
