Personally, I believe that every single human being is psychic to a certain degree.  I believe that what we call 'intuition' is this ability peaking through the normal mental noise.  Webster's defines intuition as the ability to know or understand something without any proof or evidence.  Could that not be psychic as well?  We call it intuition when a mother just knows that one of her children is in trouble, even though they may be in another state or even country.  People trust their 'gut' feelings when they just know something isn't right or that something feels like it is going to happen.  So my 2 cents is that we are all psychic but we do a good job at explaining it away.

So what would these psychic abilities be?  Where might they come from?  I believe that we are all souls or spirits temporarily melded with a physical body for the duration of an incarnation.  I don't believe we think with our brains.  I believe the brain is nothing but a physical organ that acts as the central hub of the body's central nervous system.  It is one of our key interfaces as spirits/souls, but that is not where our minds are contained.  I believe that the mind is non-physical and a part of our spirit.  This is why when we leave this physical plane we maintain our ability to think, feel, perceive, etc.

If this is the case, I believe that our psychic abilities are actually the subtle senses of our soul, or our non-physical senses coming through.  The soul is not limited by the physical and has access to non-local information in space and time.  The physical senses are very strong and powerful though.  They drown out the subtle senses of the non-physical.  Just for example, think of a gun shot sound going off near you.  What would be more startling and attention grabbing?  This mental perception of a gun shot sound or a real one going off near your physical body and ears?  Our physical senses are stronger by nature because our physical bodies require physical circumstances for our survival.  We have to be able to distinguish between what is in our mind and what is physical.  The drawback is that our species and society has done a good job at convincing ourselves at large that there is nothing more than the physical.  

I believe that we can learn to develop a relationship with our intuition/psychic abilities/soul senses.  First it takes recognition that it is there.  Second it takes learning mental discipline (like meditation).  Meditation is great because it quiets the physical senses and body down to the point that you can actually listen to and hear the subtle senses.  The military's protocol for remote viewing for example required a 'cool down' prior to viewing.  Same thing.  Third and finally, it takes practice, practice, practice.  Psychic skills are incredibly difficult to master.  Even the best of us get things wrong.  

I believe this is for several reasons.  For starters I think we have free will so any prediction of the future can be changed through free will intervention.  If someone tells you that you are going to wear a blue shirt tomorrow, you can say 'screw you' and wear a red shirt.  What would you have done had they not said anything?  Who knows...  That is another problem is that this stuff is soft and is very difficult to validate sometimes.  Lots of factors that can contribute to things changing.  I also believe that it is difficult to distinguish between real psychic information and our creative imagination driven by our own beliefs and expectations coming through.  The best remote viewing track records were ever able to obtain that I am aware of were around 80% accuracy.  You just can't get all of the mental noise out of the way.  When you know to expect some inaccuracies though it can help because you know to take everything with a grain of salt.  

Anyway, I've had it validated to me through my own experiences that I have had some psychic experiences.  I grew up going through the first 30 years of my life completely skeptical and unaware that I had this potential.  It was some amazing experiences that changed this perspective.  
