I said this in my comment above, which is a bit rambly.  If you absolutely MUST get rid of him, find a family yourself to take him in.  I've never looked into this myself so I don't know where you could advertise it, but thoroughy vet the family and make sure he's going to a family who will love him and put in the work that you wouldn't.  Of course, that too would be work, and it seems you're unwilling to follow through with even a tiniest fraction of the obligation you have to this member of your family who loved you unconditionally for its entire life.
There are senior dog rescues that specialize in taking in, caring for, and rehoming senior dogs.  Do a google search for one in your area, though due to the fact that their resources are almost always stretched very thin, don't be surprised if they don't want to spend some of those precious resources caring for your dog for you becase you don't want to. 

But please don't give away your dog.  Your dog loves you; you and your family are its pack and its whole life, and even if you find it a better home than yours it will be confused, stressed, and sad.  My dog was abandoned by his first family, and he still has traces of abandonment issues.  It is unlikely you'll find a loving place to take him in, which is still unnecessarily tough on your dog, so euthanasia by your vet and amongst your family is the better option than euthanasia alone in a crowded and scary shelter.  Your dog will pass away happy and unaware that its owners love it less than he loves them.

  You need to nut up and face the reality of this decision.  If you decide to shirk your responsibility and not care for your pet, there will be real consequences, they will be heart-breaking, and they will be entirely your fault.  If you were hoping the people here would reinforce this dillusion that giving up a senior dog because you're unwilling to put in effort to care for him is somehow a choice without negative repercussions, you were wrong.  Believe it or not, when you don't live up to your responsibilities, the consequences are almost always going to be bad. 
