"ES LA HORA, ES LA HORA!!! ES LA HORA DE BAILAR! LEVANTA SE NINA" (1)

*What time is it???*

"It's 6:15 hurry up MJ I can't be late"

Unconsciously, my arms heaved the heavy blanket onto the ground and my feet 
made contact with the ladder leading to carpeted floor from the top bunk.

*Top Bunk? Why the hell did I sleep up here?*

Shrouded by clouds of confusion, the same ones that surrounded you on mornings after drunken nights of mistakes in your youth, I met my silhouette in the unlit bathroom across the hall. 
Like a dream, I was simultaneously aware and unaware that it had gone from Summer to Winter overnight; It was 7 AM and there was no light outside.
Inside the bathroom, the entirety of my hand slapped up the light-switch and as I looked forward into the mirror, a jaded child with boogers in her eyes looked back.

Haze I had not yet awoken from held me in her grip. 
*What the hell is this kid doing here?* 

"HI" I said, and 
"HI" echoed back concurrently from the child in front of me.

In confusion I scowled inadvertently, and once again this kid did it with me.
Finally free from Haze and her hands, I moved forward and in epiphany I realized this brat was me.
 
"WHAT THE FUCK?"
I hadn't noticed before but my voice was up an octave.
Photographs of birthdays past pressed forward into the sockets of my eyes.
One in particular, of brunette curls passed my ass, taken on my 8th birthday, a month before I chopped it all off, resonated with the current feel of hair on my lower back.
*I'm eight?"

Instantaneously, I burst into tears.
And just as quickly, I dropped to floor and sobbed silently, a skill I had acquired a few years prior, while hard "thuds" told me my father was in the kitchen, most likely making coffee.
An overwhelming anxiety attacked me as my mouth vomited words before I thought to say them.
A desperate combination of,"But i just turned eighteen?! What, where the fuck am I? What about my life? Am I dead, did a die" escaped from my mind. 
And just as quickly as it came, it left.

*"What about my life?" You mean the one you wanted so desperately to end you wrote notes in your iPhone and just about every notebook in the house with the hope that one day you'd get the nerve?* 

Hysterically laughter made my prepubescent body shake from the top, down and the tear streaks on my cheeks faded into hues of pink.
Unequivocally an act of God, Dad walked into the bathroom, in the midst of my laughter and begins heaving with me, handing me half a bagel and a mug of cold coffee leaving me with a  "You're so silly!"  

I dressed into the outfit my mother had set out for me before she went to work and left my hair down, in all its glory.
"You're leaving your hair down?" inquired my father in genuine shock.
The curls latched onto my head, in a community of straight haired envious children, had been the source of my social ostricization and the harassment I endured well into high school, when, coupled with a family structure whose foundation had crumbled, or perhaps never existed, left me riddled with an unstable mentality. 

The damages to my psyche had defined me as an adult.
No longer insecure and confident, maybe even cocky, at eighteen, and an alcoholic. 
An alcoholic devoted to music and the unique group of misfits I found myself enchanted with, and the belief that Death would *always* be there in my moments of solitude.

*This is my way out.*

I strutted out of the house and into Dad's Dodge Caravan, laying down on the space where the back seats should have been, right next to my little brother, who   was more like my twin, as we spoke our own language.

In class I walked straight passed the group of girls I had once regarded as my "best friends" and straight into the teacher, and demanded my seat be moved because people were begging to cheat off me. 
Being the teacher's pet had presented me with various gifts, like extended recess privilege and now, relocating me at my demand.
*Mortified* expressions grew on the faces of my "best friends" like weeds growing through concrete floors, and it became obvious they had been planning some sort of attack for the day.
When lunch came, I sat at the lone table of my academic nemesis and offered her the half of the bagel I had secretly saved in the pocket of my jacket that morning, knowing very well her mother prohibited such foods in their household and watched as she swallowed it greedily. 
She responded by offering to push me on the swings and I eagerly accepted.

I maneuvered my way out of every traumatizing social catastrophe till the start of middle school, where the majority of the friends I gained had gone, granted we never knew of each other till high school.

Despite the fact that the society had finally accepted me and joining clubs had made it so I could avoid the world wars of my parents, I was undeniably lonely. 
This state of perpetual loneliness manifested itself in my body, as every part of me ached everywhere I went, at the thought of the friendships I left behind in my past life.

If "soulmates" could have a connotation indifferent to romance, we were it, *all of us.*

I located the younger versions of my soulmates around the school with some difficulty, as puberty had dramatically changed their young faces and I took to looking at class rosters. 
The first of the soulmates to be found were Izzy and Dharma.
They had stayed true to themselves throughout the years, Izzy wearing a modest version of her classic attire and Dharma doing the same.
Approaching them, I realized I was not the person I had been in my past life, reserved to colors of dark blue and black, which had gotten me ridiculed, the new me wore bright colors on the opposite spectrum. 
*No matter, the outer and inner me never linked up, I'm still me on the inside*
I continued forward, and inquired as to the whereabouts of our favorite band's upcoming show. 
With a smile in my heart and on my face and one creeping up on both of theirs, they erupted into hysterics.
*What?*
The smile on my face fell into a frown as I stood dumbfounded and more humiliated than I had ever been in both of my lives.
Unable to recover from their laughter, their attempts to retort to me were futile, and I sped out of the area quicker than my legs could carry me, running face first into the wall, to which I heard a synchronized laughter coming from the entire cafeteria. 

In the bathroom I had realized that my lack of confrontation had made me weaker than I had been in my past life, where eventually, after years of repeated wounds, my skin grew thick.
I cried for the first time since that faithful morning where I had thought this blessing to be a curse.
*Holy fuck*

It came to me in that bathroom. 
This was a *curse.* 
This epiphany caused a pain in my chest more powerful than the ache I felt in my bones for those I once knew; a pain for those I would never know. 
I was no longer the person I had been, and despite the many trials and the existential crisis I had faced on a daily basis I had been blessed with a niche.
In this life, I had no niche.
I belonged to no one, while belonging to everyone.
I dropped to the floor and sobbed silently, a skill I had acquired in my past life, while calling out for Death, to give me her hand.
Death, who would always be there for me in my times of solitude, as the nerve set in, and I downed the bottles of Tylenol the nurse had lying around while she wasn't looking.

1- "It's the hour, It's the hour! It's the hour to dance! Wake up girl!"
EDIT: Forgot to translate the spanish.

