The Matrix is one of, if not *the* best action movie ever made. 

Conceptually, it's amazing. It tells the story of a universe in which Earth, as we know it, is nothing but a simulation engineered to keep humans pacified and unaware that they are being used as energy sources in a world where AI creatures live independently and above us. To label it as a "lame nerd fantasy" is a major understatement. It's also not a fantasy at all, since all its "supernatural" elements are based on science fiction.

The over-the-top martial arts aren't over the top at all when you think about the opportunities if you have the ability to control the matrix. Those fighting techniques are what they *need* to do to survive in that world, since, as you know, dying in the Matrix is just like dying in the real world. So they use their abilities to the fullest in order to avoid being hurt, something they probably wouldn't be able to do if they limited themselves to ordinary fighting techniques.

The "chosen one fantasy" is an element that is present in several other films considered amongst the best. It's also a common characteristic of fantasy and/or sci-fi films, especially when they're set in imaginary worlds (curiously or not). Think Harry Potter, Frodo Baggins and Aragorn, Luke Skywalker, etc. My point is, just because it's a plot point, it shouldn't be seen as a handicap. It's simply part of the story.

Apart from trying to counter what you said, I can also add that the film was vastly ahead of its time, having used incredible visual techniques to create a realistic, yet, impossible world. Bullet time is just one of those techniques.

The cinematography was great, the acting, though not great, was still pretty good, it had an unforgettable villain in Mr. Smith, a compelling soundtrack, amazing sound and visual effects and a story than I simply can't see anyone being able to remake. It could come out in 2016 and it wouldn't feel dated at all. It's the perfect action/sci-fi movie and the opposite of what I would consider a "lame nerd fantasy".
