It is imperative and essential that you become educated about this matter now. This is not a joke and your personal safety is on the line. I am telling you that because I got in one of those taxis after giving them the simple request of taking me from terminal A to terminal B. First they took me to a taxi booth where I sat at a desk in front of two filipinas with a filipino sitting behind me on the couch. They told me my plane ticket was canceled and I would have to buy a new one for 8000 pesos, which I promptly and adamantly refused. 

They then said that the next terminal was closed and they would take me to a restaurant. I told them just to bring me back to the terminal I came from (I thought they were insane for saying that a terminal would be closed). I figured I might as well go into the restaurant and try to call a real cab. I walk in and it's a strip club.

This is all while paying fairly high prices. Ended up paying around 1000 pesos all around. 

Eventually I was left outside of the strip club, dying to catch my next flight to Iloilo, the taxi drivers there see me and know exactly whats going on. This is my first time in a tropical country and I am taking in all the new sites and sounds on this street, with all my gear with me, surrounded by poor people, seeing my first cockroach crawling on a garbage can... etc. A taxi driver offers to drive me for 400, I am pretty angry at this point and am very firm with him so he actually takes me there... this is a two minute drive.

This is what you expect if you take the wrong taxi at the airport. I am not sure which one is the right one, the yellow or the white one, do find that out for your own sake. But honestly I would only be staying at a hotel that will send a shuttle to pick you up, or figure out the number for uber or grabtaxi in that city.

My advice for anyone going to any Asian nation is to have a "drop point" or "landing zone"... when I stayed in Hong Kong recently I did the same thing, for my first night I booked at the Ramada... after that I stayed in Chung King mansion (low cost room) for 45 days, but the first day I was there I paid double or triple on a hotel room because I knew it is important to have somewhere safe to crash after you are tired from traveling. You will want a nice shower, nice bed and then you can wake up in the morning and you have leverage to get a good hotel price during the day, as well as safety to walk down most roads.

I don't like Manila in general because of stuff like that, I am sure overall it's not that bad once you get out of the airport.

You not being white does not help. They will rip off fellow Filipinos. If you are of any other race besides Filipino then the pressure is amplified a great deal. Actually there is a good chance that angry white guys are the ones who get the best deals because they know the game at that point. 

So that is my take away to you. Get pissed off, do NOT be passive, be rude and just ignore people who are following alongside of you and talking to you. Act like you are deaf and unaware that they exist. Learn this quickly and be happy to do it! I've spent 67 days in Asia this year, 21 in the Philippines and the other 46 in the busiest part of the Asian side of Hong Kong. 

Again if you are anything less than 100% pure Filipino then you will not fit in, you will be targeted. 

Do not accept that you are going to be ripped off, that's what I did, they will tend consider you passive and ignore what you say and take you on a ride. You have to find the right color of taxi on this subreddit and then be incredibly firm with them, and call them out on their bull, "why aren't you taking me to the next terminal? the terminal is open and you are lying to me, take me there right now or i am calling the police, i have your taxi number. (and then show them your phone, even if its not working".

Hate to make it sound bad but this is easily the worse part of the Philippines. It's bad enough to make me not want to go there, thankfully there is the ultimate option (Hong Kong to Iloilo) so that I can completely avoid that hole that is called Manila. I haven't been scammed a single peso in Iloilo and it has been completely good. The second best option is a hotel shuttle, the third best is uber or grab taxi, the forth best is a certain color of taxi, the fifth best and also the absolute worse is the other color taxi.. 

I recommend becoming a scholar on this subject before you go! It will make or break your trip, after this point it could be clear sailing and you could love your time in the Philippines. But if your experiences are bad enough, it will ruin both your arrival and departure as you may often need to switch terminals or rely on haphazard services to get from the hotel to the airport and back vice versa... be smart...
