I'd guess that Solnit has probably read a lot of the Esquire list, and it's clear she thinks "there are good and great books" on it. For example, I don't get the sense she's being ironic when she calls Lolita a "masterpiece." From what I've read, it sounds like Nabokov wrote HH just as you read him, which is where the genius of the book lies for many readers. In contrast, I think the Esquire summary of it [pulls a Kubrick on us](http://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/designing-lolita). And in many cases, it doesn't seem to be the books on the list that Solnit is objecting to (although there are some of those too), as much as the hows and whys of Esquire's choices in curating them.

&gt; Art is dangerous. I agree- but I also don't respect any authority to designate them the arbiters of what dangers are worth exposure to....  If disagreeing with Solnit over trying to control culture for her own ends makes me a neocon- then so be it. Trying to control art isn't the act of a liberal, no matter what she tells herself.

I don't think you're disagreeing with Solnit because I don't think she's trying to do that. If anything, she seems to go out of her way to emphasize that she's not establishing herself as the arbiter of what dangers are worth exposure to. 

In the original piece, she writes:

&gt; The list made me think there should be another, with some of the same books, called 80 Books No Woman Should Read, though of course I believe everyone should read anything they want. I just think some books are instructions on why women are dirt or hardly exist at all except as accessories or are inherently evil and empty. Or they’re instructions in the version of masculinity that means being unkind and unaware, that set of values that expands out into violence at home, in war, and by economic means. 

In the follow-up piece, she opens by reflecting on the differences between facts and opinions, while positioning her comments in the second camp. She seems to share your belief that there's no immutable relationship between signified and signifier: on top of discussing the interplay between readers' experiences and narratives, she explicitly argues, "You can read Nabokov’s relationship to his character in many ways," before discussing some of the different ways that people have read Lolita. She also clarifies that censorship is not her intent:

&gt; I wasn’t even challenging anyone’s access to making money. I just made humorous remarks about some books and some dead writers’ characters. These guys were apparently so upset and so convinced that the existence of my opinions and voice menaced others’ rights. Guys: censorship is when the authorities repress a work of art, not when someone dislikes it.

And she ends by reiterating:

&gt; I had never said that we shouldn’t read Lolita. I’ve read it more than once. I joked that there should be a list of books no woman should read, because quite a few lionized books are rather nasty about my gender, but I’d also said “of course I believe everyone should read anything they want. I just think some books are instructions on why women are dirt or hardly exist at all except as accessories or are inherently evil and empty.” And then I’d had fun throwing out some opinions about books and writers. But I was serious about this. You read enough books in which people like you are disposable, or are dirt, or are silent, absent, or worthless, and it makes an impact on you. Because art makes the world, because it matters, because it makes us. Or breaks us.

So what am I missing, that leads you to believe that Solnit is trying to (or wants to) control culture? Does the Equire list constitute that too, or is it only when people recommend not reading some books rather than reading them?

-------------------------------------

I'm with you on the McCarthy front. I only made my way to the end of Blood Meridian because I'd been told by so many 'top books' lists that I should -- and I'm just stubborn and snobbish enough for that to compel me. On the other hand, No Country for Old Men and Outer Dark are both favourites of mine. I liked The Road too, though not as much. I haven't read any of his Border Trilogy yet... If you had to recommend one McCarthy book, which would you choose?
