&gt; I don't know anything about cars but I do know about that stuff so you've given me something to keep an eye out for when buying a used car.

It's less common than it used to be years ago; both because there's been a significant increase in the quality and availability, and a reduction in the cost/price of replacement (OEM) body panels, i.e. door skins and fenders and the like -- and so it's often cheaper to just replace the whole thing rather than to try to "undent" and remold a bashed in piece of metal;  and then also there's been (finally) an improvement in the design of fender wells and such, so that they don't rust out quite as readily as they did with the vehicles from the 80's and prior. (And some will claim it's due to advances, but in reality its actually due more to the fact that cars are sold on longer lease/payment plans, and have significantly longer warranties, and so the manufacturers NEED them to maintain a better aesthetic appearance, so they finally made changes to the seams &amp; joints, techniques that were known all along to work in a manner that reduced rust; ironically that's been a double edged sword though, as cars which last longer mean people keep them longer and don't want to buy new ones as frequently.)

&gt;But the comparison to women is the icing on the cake. Many don't even have the courtesy to patch themselves up. They just show up, warts* and all. 

--

Well that's sort of the whole point.

--

The saying *used* to be pretty common -- at least among guys I knew -- guys who grew up in rural or suburban regions of the US working on their own cars, often refurbing/rebuilding/restoring some literal "piece of shit/rust bucket" that they picked up for a couple hundred bucks and transforming it over time, with a bit of money and a lot of elbow grease (i.e. hard work, personal time invested) into a literal "show car" that they could drive around to the envy of their mates.  

The thing is of course that, depending on how well the repairs were done, they tended to NOT necessarily last very long -- maybe a year or two at the most before the signs of rust would begin to reappear, or in the worst cases when some minor "bump" would end up dropping a proverbial "chunk" of bondo (like some fist-sized plastic rock) off the thing.

So not infrequently the solution would be to sell the car to some "rube" who didn't know any better, and who thought he was buying some "like new" car -- clueless, oblivious, and unaware that what he was getting was actually an old rust bucket that had been "mudded up" and "glossed over" (aka lots of bondo and a new paint job) -- and that within fairly short order, probably less than a year the thing would be revealed once again as the old rusty car that it was.

--

And... well what ELSE do teen and twenty something guys obsess over, and even arguably "trade" information back and forth amongst each other about?  Other than cars the obvious answer is women.  From there, well the parallels of bondo and makeup, etc -- they're just too "juicy" to NOT use; especially since you can use the jargon while the chicks are standing right next to you and they're likely to remain entirely clueless as  you're talking about: 

&gt;&gt;*"Hey man did you see Joey's new 'ride'?"* 

&gt;&gt;"Oh yeah, looks like she's gotta lotta mileage, probably been in an accident or two, plus she doesn't exactly seem to be firing on all cylinders if you know what I mean."

&gt;&gt;*"Heh yeah, I mean she looks nice and all, but with that paint job, you gotta wonder if he remembered to 'thump for the bondo' you know?"*

Now you tell me, are they talking about the used car that Joey just bought?  Or are they talking about the girl he just started dating?

Actually it could be either one. They could be having that conversation while standing right next to their own girlfriends at some party; but only the guys would understand.

;-)
