Hoxton's a ruthless, sociopathic bank robber with no real moral compass. He kills civilians just because they *might* have seen him, or they were too scared to react when he tells them to get down. He faces down Bulldozers, Tasers, Cloakers, Shields, and is fully able to effectively dual-wield most handguns. In the first PAYDAY game, he represented the 'Marksman' skill tree, with his weapons including the M14 rifle, meaning he's a crack-shot.

To quote him, "*Let's break some necks.*"

1. One shot, one kill, $10,000 in cleaner costs.

2. One shot, one kill, two screaming parents, two more shots, $30,000 in cleaner costs.

3. For the sake of his personal entertainment, Hoxton beats him to near-death prison-style, then stabs him with a toothbrush.

4. Completely rakes him with gunfire and probably an RPG for good measure. Does not have XXL body bags, so he just leaves the body there.

5. Once again, shoots the kid in the head. Might need to watch out, though; Always be wary of the skinny, lonely teenagers, because they might be hiding a TEC-9 for the lunch break.

6. Due to the slowed reflexes of a drunk person, Hoxton could probably just kill him bare-handed. No fingerprints, either.

7. This depends on how well a Roman shield can deflect bullets. Then again, it might not even matter; If a .50 can go through a S.W.A.T Ballistic Shield, it can go through something from a time where Kevlar had never been invented.

8. This'd be interesting. Han Solo's the literal equivalent to Hoxton, in that both of them carry out illegal activities regularly and are experts in the ways of gun / blaster combat. I figure that it'd be pretty intense, but as always, Hoxton would probably just decided "*No kill like OVERKILL*" and wipe him out with either an RPG or an M79 grenade launcher whilst Han's behind cover. Then he'd probably try and steal the Millenium Falcon, fail, then go to Mos Eisley cantina to see if he could contact Bain about getting home.

9. Despite having no prior military training, Hoxton's capable of smashing apart wave after wave of armed response units, and depending on the difficulty / security level of the area, might end up needing to take on a hyper-elite paramilitary unit; GENSEC Elites. That in mind, it's not clear how much damage he could do up close to the Marines' armour using modern-day weaponry. Thus, for the purpose of being certain, he'd probably just use a .50 and turn the Marines' chest into an open cavern.

10. If we're going by current Bond, Hoxton smashes him. Current day Bond uses a Walther PPK, which, being a very small pistol with only a marginally high magazine size, would be easily outgunned if Hoxton packs any of the other pistols from Gage's Black Market. Additionally, due to his skills in dual-wielding handguns, it can be assumed that Hoxton is *incredibly* proficient in the use of pistols, reloading much faster than Bond can and packing twice as much firepower. Plus, Bond is rarely shown wearing body armour, and MI6 has a nasty habit of underestimating who they pit him against. Coupled with the fact that Scotland Yard is unlikely to know just how dangerous Hoxton has become since leaving England, Bond would be going against a much faster opponent, outgunned, unarmoured, and unaware that Hoxton is the *real* kickarse Englishman with the sharp tongue.

11. Jason Bourne, if I remember rightly, is a super-assassin with exceptional skills in everything Hoxton's good at. However, to consider that whilst Bourne knows how to hide, it's more notable that Hoxton knows how to disappear. Plus, Hoxton's not above using dirty, underhanded tactics (*His skill 'Low Blow' gives a critical hit chance when using concealed weapons*), but let's keep it to in-game abilities. For this, Hoxton packs a suppressed sniper rifle of some variety, plus an SMG. Bourne is shown hitting impressive shots whilst lying down, but Hoxton can hit some fucking *ludicrous* shots whilst he's jumping through the air or sprinting through a building. If he sees Jason, Jason is *buggered*.

12. Not certain of how good Hawkeye is, but as far as I know, bullets go faster than arrows. I'm also not sure if Hawkeye's superhuman in any way, but I'd say he seems pretty strong and fast. This one's a grey area, and it also depends on the environment. If it's an open area, Hoxton would probably just pack some dumb shit like a Vulcan minigun and shit out a whole fuckload of lead, probably also needing to dodge a good number of arrows and possibly being hit by them once or twice. If there's cover, it's a whole different ball game, and it also depends how good Hawkeye's...uh, eyes are.

13. Hoxton is not above beating women to death. Considering it's Black Widow, I wouldn't be surprised if she was capable of knowing all of Hoxton's whereabouts at any given time, and knowing about all of his skills, contacts, armoury, and previous experience. In close quarters, Black Widow would probably do pretty well, but put range into the equation, and it's entirely different. I'd say Hoxton has somewhat of a chance, and might win...1/2, I'd say. Again, really depends on the location, distance of engagement, and potential civilians.

14. Here we go: The ultimate crime-fighter against the ultimate criminal. For the purpose of this, let's say that Hoxton's engaged in an average H&amp;T robbery, on about OVERKILL difficulty. The police pull out, and Falcon swoops in. I had a look at his capabilities, but it doesn't list whether or not his flight suit is ballistic rated. Hoxton would probably just stay inside the bank: It's a highly recommended strategy on the heist, regardless of whether you're fighting cops or flying people. When Falcon lands and attempts to infiltrate, he either gets raked with machine gun fire until he's shot in the face, or jumped, pinned down, and stabbed with a combat knife repeatedly. Might take some effort to engage in CQC, however, as Falcon's much taller and much stronger than Hoxton.

15. Nolan's Batman gets stabbed *once* and nearly dies. And whilst he's a master of chi-power, he has no real way to bring down Hoxton, who'd be moving at speed, using high-powered weaponry, and is already resistant to being knifed, shot, and gassed. Additionally, whilst Batman has a habit of blocking all communications on local frequencies and turning off the power, Hoxton would likely know what to look for as a means of turning on the power. Plus, regardless of the fact it's Batman and he's a master crimefighter, he still refuses to kill. Hoxton, however, has no qualms with it, and would probably do worse things to Batman than Bane did in the sewers.

16. Whilst Ant-Man might be stronger when he's small and what-not, he sure as fuck isn't fireproof, and Hoxton has access to a Flamethrower. If he knows which direction Ant Man's coming from, and then saturates that area with Napalm, Ant Man's pretty fucked.

17. Now, Archer's pretty good. I'll give him that. But whilst it's claimed that him being shot 34 times is impressive, that's about the amount of times Hoxton gets shot *every two minutes* on harder heists. Not only that, but Hoxton is capable of doing most of the feats that Archer can; With the correct skills, he can run at speed without being winded for at least thirty seconds, regenerating all of his stamina incredibly fast, *literally dodge gunfire*, counter-attack martial-arts trained paramilitary units, wear armour that can stop sniper bullets, shoot from the hip whilst sprinting, reload whilst sprinting, make Tasers backfire, fight the Washington SWAT wearing nothing but a prison jumpsuit, operate most firearms with incredible proficiency, deploy sentry guns, defy the very laws of physics on which we operate as human beings, and a lot more. I'm also fairly certain he has a *lot* of blood diseases, considering how much he uses blood bags and medical kits. Additionally, Hoxton's entire attitude towards anybody with government ties is that they need to fucking die. He wouldn't hold back, at all, and that's pretty terrifying.

18. Winter Soldier is *insane*. Considering his experience in the army, and his additional training, Hoxton would definitely struggle more than he would with a gang of Cloakers. Plus, the Winter Soldier's almost super-human strength mixed with some ranged combat abilities would pose a significant problem for Hoxton. I'd say this is where things start getting a little shaky. The only way Hoxton could guaranteed win, 10/10, would be if he got the jump on him with a .50 caliber rifle. Otherwise, I'd say he's got about a 5/10 chance.

19. Captain America's about the same as the Winter Soldier, except with the added issue of an indestructible shield. I have no idea if Cap can deflect a 40mm grenade with it, or an RPG, but if he can, Hoxton may well need to use the old ["*Modern Day Robin Hood*"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16d4Eakmr1k) technique and saturate the area, any civilians, and Captain America, in napalm. I can really see Hoxton doing fairly well, considering that Captain America is like a Shield on super-steroids.

20. A good place to die. The Chief is fast, strong, and could easily kill Hoxton. I'd say this is the point where Hoxton goes down swearing loudly, before being arrested and spending the entire Interdimensional Court trial grinning like an arsehole at M for how hard he kicked Bond's arse.

After that, he is sent to prison for the rest of his life, with no chance of parole until the Dentist pulls his [usual face](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/833/275/bc5.jpg) and manages to pay off a bunch of other fictional characters to break him out.

Next time, we describe the epic fight by Hyperdimension Neptunia characters in their attempts at sieging a prison defended by SPARTAN IVs.
