&gt; if not burdened by the needs of his expensive, status-hungry wife. Probably a much more fun and adventurous one doing stuff rather than chained to desk earning money to sustain the lifestyle of his no doubt ungrateful wife.

I actually did just a little (trivial) amount of "digging" on the woman, and [from her "professional bio" on her own company website (archive.is copy)](http://archive.is/5Kh1f) comes this little tidbit:

&gt;&gt;In another life, **Julie was the owner of an award-winning events business,** until a debilitating divorce and a series of life changing events resulted in business loss and bankruptcy.

So that's what she was busy doing while hubby was slaving away; she was running an "award winning" (but note that winning awards is not necessarily the same as "operating profitably") "events business" (aka social-extravaganza).

It's the classic loss-making "the wife wants something to do &amp; to play at being a 'business-woman' scenario" -- so hubby subsidizes her operations, even takes on additional debt (in his name or with him as co-signer -- because he's the only one with assets &amp; a reliable income) to fund what in essence is an expensive and pretentious "hobby".

Now either she was a wholly incompetent and irresponsible "business" person -- entirely UNaware and UNcaring about whether her "award winning events business" was operating at a profit or a loss, and whether it was able to carry its own debt or was being capitalized by hubby's labor -- in which case she really WASN'T "managing" that "events" thing as a "business"...

OR, she WAS sufficiently involved and competent... and therefore knew damned well the state of their finances; and that she herself was at least partially if not largely or wholly to blame for the massive debt build up.

Those are really the only two choices.

Moreover, while he was doubtless the source of majority of the creditworthiness &amp; income that sustained it... if they were married (and if not then no "divorce" would be possible, nor would it cause her problems with continuing to operate HER "business", and HIS debt would NOT have become hers), and she was ostensibly the owner/manager of HER side "business" -- there is no way that she hadn't ALSO been required to legally "sign" any &amp; all major debt-related instruments.

--

Also, even just looking at her pictures, she must now be all of mid-30's, possibly 40 years old -- subtract the time spans she's talking about (the 7 years for the credit to rebuild, the 3 years of the bankruptcy, etc) and it dials her back to being in her mid to late 20's (at the oldest) and was quite probably even younger (i.e. early to mid 20's). 

So little miss "Rainbow" was unquestionably "living the good/high life" almost *instantly* after marrying Mr Big Bux -- fancy home, fancy car, house probably being taken care of by maid, kids by an "au pair" while she was gallivanting around getting to pretend/play at being "successful business woman" planning extravaganza "events" (like a perpetual bride-to-be) and winning "awards", etc.  (And quite probably engaged in all sorts of other little non-professional "activities" on the side.)

Oh yeah, she was ALL about the "status"; still is.

She drained him dry... loaded him up with debt... and then shifted all of the blame onto HIM when he decided to get the hell outta dodge.

She hasn't learned a damned thing (other than the fact that she CAN get away with it... and that people will continue to buy into her bullshit; at least so long as she remains young, fairly attractive &amp; charming).
