That's cute.  

I'm not sure why you find it so strange that the pro gun folks have a deep mistrust of the "pro reg" as you like to call them.  

First of all, do you really expect us to believe that people who have dedicated themselves to gun control as a cause *really* do not want to "take all the guns away even if they could"?  

The people who dedicate their time towards gun control, which clearly implies they believe it's extremely important, if not THE most important cause of our time, would have no interest in an outright ban on civilian ownership of firearms if it were tantalizing within reach. The people who do not own guns, have no interest in owning them and frequently make it quite clear that they believe most gun owners are dangerous and mentally unsound (unless they fit their accepted stereotype Fudd type who owns a "deer rifle" and/or acceptable gentleman's shotgun.  

We are to believe that they have no interest in anything more than an organized system or national background checks. Once they've achieved that, they will pursue no further gun control legislation on the state or national level. They will never propose a national registry to give the background check system a mechanism for enforcement. They will never attempt to pass anything like an "assault weapons ban". If they did happen to pass some sort of ban like that, they would NEVER use said registry to identify individuals in possession of the weapons subject to ban and then pursue whatever methods they thought they could get away with to coerce those people into surrendering or turning those weapons it or at minimum forbid them to either sell them or leave them to their descendants in a will.  

All of those things may fall short of "taking our guns away" in your mind, but to us, they are abhorent and much too close to "confiscation" for comfort. It's only a few more steps from there to aggressively enforcing bans and using all possible leverage to harrass people into relinquishing non-compliant weapons.  

It's not an A to B scenario. We get that. Accepting UBC as law does not equal "they are taking ur gunz away". But, just like every other piece of gun control legislation, it brings us a step closer.  

You yourself have claimed you don't believe we have any right to anything more than a handgun that holds 10 rounds that remains in the the home for self defense. I can tell you that I have a bit more than that. If laws are passed which make other guns I own illegal, forbid me to sell them, make parts and accessories to keep them operating difficult or impossible to get and finally require them to be surrendered to the state upon my death, rather than left to someone in my will, that's close enough to a de facto confiscation for me.  

If you ban the most popular rifle in America, that's "taking our guns away". I supposed when gun control folks say they "don't want to take our guns away", what they mean to say is, they don't intend to  deploy LE and military door-to-door to confiscate them by force. That's a wise choice, though that was never on the table to begin with and we all know it.  

All of the resistance and pushback you get against your "common sense" gun laws, like UBC, comes from those of us who are students of history. You may very well believe that you're really going to apply UBC and stop there. No semi-auto rifle bans. Nothing else but UBC...and a registry perhaps. Somehow I doubt any of you honestly want only that and nothing more, but even if you did, history has show us that regulation and restrictions lead to more of the same. The only reason gun control activists and politicians ever back off temporarily or soften their rhetoric (now you're about "gun safety" instead of "gun control" uh huh. Very clever...) is because you're trying to calm the rage of the gun rights crowd and hopefully turn attention away from the laws you're pushing though in every state and city you can get them in.  

So feel free to characterize us all as "Chicken Littles" crying about the sky falling if you wish. You aren't fooling anyone. We all know the gun *control* faction will take gun control as far as they believe they can. They will voluntarily slow their "progress" or conceal their goals when they believe it will give them a tactical advantage, but they have no interest in settling or stopping at a certain point. Most of them likely know and may even accept they are unlikely to ever get to anything like an outright ban, or even European or Australian levels of totalitarian gun control, but they will push and push and take whatever they can get. Do you deny this? I can tell you that most of us are quite aware of it. Call us paranoid if you wish, but I'd rather associate with people paranoid about losing their rights than those who are blissfully unaware and complacent. 
