tl;dr - too long, don't read - I'm mostly posting this for myself

I have a fairly crippling fear of bumming people out with my life.  I've had a lot go on in my life, and it seems like every day I'm having to fight depression off more and more.  I know I should reach out or get help, and I have in the past.  For a while.  But I feel like a broken record, and I start to feel bad about not having anything better to say about myself.  I'm in the worst place I've ever been in my life, and I feel so guilty for saying or thinking it because I still have it better than a lot of other people.  People come to me with their problems all the time, and they apologize for bringing it up for the umpteenth time when their problem is relatively so small compared to the rest of the world, and I tell them that it's okay ... talk about it.  Everyone's problems are their own, and what seems like a molehill to some is an Everest-sized mountain for others, and you never know where you might find insight or a perspective that will show you an easier path, or sturdier path, or any path at all really.

I tell them that, and I mean it, but I can't bring myself to follow my own advice.  I'm almost 40 and I don't have any friends that I can call up and talk to or take comfort from.  I couldn't tell you the last time I've "hung out".  I have a wife, but for the past two years, it's only been on paper.  I've been sleeping on the couch for the past two years ... it's lumpy, now, and barely supportive, and it's about 6 inches too short, and just barely wide enough to contain my shoulder width.  Doesn't matter.  I don't get much sleep anyway.  I didn't want the separation, I didn't want to be just this side of divorce ... I tried everything I could to make her happy.  She's even said that I've been the perfect husband for her and that getting married was *her* mistake because she knew deep down she never really wanted to get married.  Not to me specifically, just in general.  She was in love with me and felt it was the right thing to do at the time, but now she's unhappy, and there's not really anything I did to cause it, or anything I can do to change it.  But we're stuck together because financially, she can't afford to move on her own, and I can't afford to provide for her, which I would have to do because with my work schedule, she'd have main custody of our daughter.

So I wake up and go to sleep every day with the reminder that no matter how hard I tried ... and I did everything she asked of me or even mentioned she would like ... I still managed to fail at it.  And I'm not even really mad at her about it.  I can't force her to want me, and if she's made up her mind, then that is that.  But I have to stare at that failure every day because now I live in the living room, and she still hangs out there because it's just a two bedroom apartment.  And since we both know each other inside and out, and have years of sharing between us, she's all I have to talk to, really, but I can't bring up this constant tsunami of depression trying to drown me because she happens to be one of the catalysts.  And I don't want to start anything in front of my daughter, anyway.  I come from two broken homes, and it's the last thing I ever want to put her through.  She's all I have left at this point.  I know eventually we'll have to break her heart, and that day will crush me, but for now she's still happy and unaware, and I want her to enjoy that for as long as possible.

Work is overwhelming me.  I'm relied upon to handle duties that three people should be doing, but there's no hope of that because most people with my skill set have a college diploma behind it that offers them the opportunity for better pay.  My job is a mountain that has been growing faster than it is physically impossible for one person to climb.  The one spark of light in all of this is that my boss knows what he's putting me through and rather than riding my ass all the time, he accommodates anything I may need and keeps other people off of my back as long as I keep things at least somewhat current.  But again, it all comes in faster than I can handle on my own, so on top of 70 hour work weeks, I usually bring  work home to do in my spare time.  Not like I was doing anything else, anyway.

I know it's getting bad for me.  I'm numb or angry most of the time, but I have to hide it.  I find myself fighting off tears that start welling up without warning.  I can't be seen breaking down because too many people rely on me.  I keep half-joking with people at work that they should be working as hard as possible to at least get close to my level, because when that aneurysm or stroke that I've been hoping for finally takes me out, they're going to have a hell of a time trying to figure out how to do my job.  And it might sound egotistical, but I don't really have an ego at this point.  I just see a potential for problems down the line because they really are screwed if I can't show up for whatever reason.  I can't tell them what it's doing to me.  I'm a supervisor, and a 16-year vet at my job.  More often than not, I'm the only one they can come to for advice or guidance, and I can't tell them to fuck off because I'm feeling emotional.

And I can't let civilians see me crack.  I'm busting my ass to try to be a good example of what a cop can be.  Civil.  Helpful.  Firm but fair.  Not an asshole or some bully with inferiority issues.  Not a jack-booted thug with loyalties only to "the man."  In 16 years, I've only had to draw down four times, and I'm happy about that.  But, I'm a big white cop in the south, in a poor black city.  My only place of refuge is the internet, and they automatically hate me (save for select groups of people with whom I'd rather not associate).  A lot of days I have to stay off of social media when some undertrained idiot with a badge goes OK Corral on a kid with a slingshot.  I can't defend or decry their actions, so I'm just left watching as people condemn all cops or all black kids with slingshots.  It's exhausting, and it only adds to all of the pressure I'm under.

But I can't bring myself to reach out or accept help.  It makes me feel worse because in the long run, I know there are people out there who have actual, capital-B Bad lives.  Yes, my situations suck, but I'm fully and firmly employed, and I have a roof over my head and food to eat.  My daughter adores me, and as soon-to-be ex-wives go, at least we're not at each other's throats.  Everything is pretty civil, and most of the time, even friendly.  She was my best friend before she was my wife, so it's not like we're back to being strangers.  And now that I'm not constantly trying to save a sinking ship, I can stand up for myself against her a lot easier because, fuck it, it's not like she can make my life any worse without bringing herself down.

I cut off all other ties, though.  People I used to talk to online, I haven't spoken to in months.  I have a couple of social media accounts, but I don't post anything personal.  Just jokes and nonsense because I'm a "funny guy", and I'm too embarrassed to even begin to try to bring all of this up to people who know me, or rather, are online acquaintances.  That's all I have, now.  The only way I was posting this wall of text was through a throwaway because I didn't want it associated with my "fun" account.  It'll take everything I have to hit the "save" button for it rather than delete it.

I feel like such a hypocrite because I keep telling people to keep hope alive and look for the positives while my life is so shit that I can't follow my own advice.  And people will say "You have your daughter, though.  At least there's that.  Focus on her."  How does that help?  Leach onto her and find my happiness through hers?  Why would I put that kind of pressure on her.  And, I'm sorry, but it's not enough.  It might sound shitty, but it isn't, and I'm not much into denial, so faking it isn't going to help.

Anyway, if any of you bothered to read past the first paragraph, then I feel sorry for you.  I didn't expect you to.  I only wrote it for the catharsis, however brief, of airing it out, and the question from OP inspired me to finally do it.  Because I feel my life feels like a depressing aspect that I can only use to bum other people out.
