The larger continent, on the right side of the map is called Athrathema. North of the large burgundy nation is North Athrathema and below it is South Athrathema. The large burgundy nation is Vethira. The eight nations, pink, brown, gray, green, orange, blue neon green, and dark gray, are separatist nations, recently broken from the Vethirian Empire. The Vethrian's at one point or another throughout history, have controlled most of the continent. They are the leaders in technology, especially military tech. After a long and bloody war for independence, the Kand'enelian Confederacy, the eight splinter nations, was granted sovereignty. They form together for protection only. Most of the new countries have had long time cultural and border friction. The Vethirians only granted them independence so they would not be fighting a war on both fronts. The Tal'harid, the brownish country to the south west, declared war when Vethira was at its weakest. Curretnly they are slugging it out on the foothills of the Andurian Mountains. The Vethirians are ruled by a hereditary monarchy. They are a highly expansionist and imperialist nation. The western continent was discovered 400 years before. Not much is left to discover there, having been the focus of most of the civilized nations colonial efforts. Vethira has a modest holding in terms of land, but the wealth they gain from it is more than any other nation combines. They currently have the only supply of the basic ingredients for gun powder. It is a relatively new technology, but the Vethirians are researching heavily into its uses.

The neon green nation is called the United Princedoms of Athrathema. Until 200 years ago, the country had been nothing but a bunch of warring and rival princedoms. The individual princes never had enough land or holdings to claim kingship. They finally were united when two princes, who were raised together, became heads of their respective houses. They stood back to back and won several short conflicts against a few other keys princedoms. When they had a sizable land holding and the sworn fealty of a few princes they launched in earnest to conquer the remaining independent countries. The ensuing war was not short, by any means. They were both old men by the time a unified government was founded. The UPA is ruled by an elected Emperor. The current princes form the electing body. A ruler is only allowed to rule for 5 years before an election is held and once he has a term, a prince cannot sit on the throne again for 15 years. Rarely has a prince had a second term. There are 17 princedoms in the UPA. The princes appoint a law making body. The appointments are voted on and are for life (the life of the prince, that is. When he dies, the new prince makes his appointments). There are 3 law makers for every prince, making the total 51. They have been a fractured and insular nation for so long, that a foray into world politics has gone poorly for them. They quickly found themselves on the losing end of a few deals that were forced on them by the Vethirians. There economy is on the mend, due in large part to the fact that they were able to consolidate their colonial holdings as well. The princes had very little territory but had stuck close to one another in case the natives had attacked. Now, after 200 years of consolidation and tentative cooperation in the Council of Princes, they hold the majority of the richest farming land on the west continent. They make a modest prophet, what they can keep Vethira from taking, from exotic food imports. They are also the main focus of the light blue country's (on the west continent) interest. They are the natives. 

Technologically behind the rest of the world has not stopped them from being a force to be reckoned with. They are know across Athrathema as the Ululuthians. The name comes from the sound of their language. It is very undulating and rhythmically created. They might not have gun powder or many seafaring ships, but they make up for it in pure ferocity. At first, the Athrathemians found a bunch of tribes killing each other and fighting on a seasonal basis. They would only war against each other in the winter, when the conditions were harshest. They had permanent settlements but did not have the means for larger cities. When the Athrathemians first showed up, they tried to settle peacefully and establish a relationship with the Ululthians. The first winter was devastating for the settlers. They were caught unaware and mostly unprepared. In just a few short months, the Ululuthians had put aside their differences and unified in a way that almost made the memory of different clans or tribes disappear. They fought and slaughtered en mass. Just a short two years later, the ships of the major Athrathemians showed back up. This time there were no settlers. Just soldiers. The settlers came a couple years later when the poorly outfitted natives had lost much territory. Again the Athrathemians found a unified and cooperative group of ferocious natives. They numbered in the millions, it was estimated, spread out over the continent. Now, 400 years later, they control the largest portion of land and are mainly left alone. Their land has been deemed unworthy of the lives it would take to conquer it by every single colonial nation. That doesn't stop them from attacking their neighbors. Only in winter, predictably. Unbeknownst to the Athrathemians, the Ululuthians have been getting weapons and training from a foreign nation. They are massing for a push to get their land back.

The red nation on the island is the most diverse of all the nations and the only truly republic nation in the world. They are known as Keth. They are ruled by an elected Minister of Trade. As you can probably imagine, they have been a seafaring nation for many, many years. They were the first nation to discover the western continent, nearly 300 years before the Athrathemians. They do not in any way shape or form consider themselves to be Athrathemians. They are the least militaristic nation among the modern nations. They, however, have the strongest merchant fleet and navy. For many years they had been trading with the Ululuthians, taking their exotic raw materials and goods to Athrathema. They trade indiscriminately with all countries. It doesn't matter a government's political policy, gold is still gold. There is not a single Easternized nation that does not have a Kethian Guild in it. Keth is the language of trade. Every merchant that trades outside his own borders knows the language. They have caused more wars, however, than any other nation. From almost the beginnings of their modern society, they have not had nobles or a king. The Keth have always elected their leaders. They didn't have upper class and lower class struggles as a fledgling nation. They put their people to work on farms, clearing roads, or mostly building ships and sailing. Their people were fed and clothed when they worked and taken care of when they couldn't. The guilds formed to protect the interest of the different trades and jobs. They evolved into the foundation of Keth society. The guilds are both a protection for the traders and workers and the administration. The guild leaders are elected internally. The guild is also the political parties. The bigger the guild, the more votes and, therefore, more seats in the law making body. It works for the Keth people because they generally work for one goal, more gold. In mixing with the Eastern nations, they introduced a new class to the monarchy system of Noble and Serf. The Merchant class threw most of the old systems into chaos for a few years. Power struggles ensued when the Merchants had more power and wealth than the ruling class did. Some nations tried to outlaw the Merchants, but quickly found themselves without the Keth traders and the raw materials they could not get elsewhere. Since the discovery of the Western continent, the Keth's power has declines. They are no longer the only nations to exploit the raw material rich continent. They have spent most of their time losing wars and territory to the Vethirians. They have turned to more nefarious means of making money. Pirating. 

If anyone is still reading and wants more, just let me know!
