&gt; directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.

They are all descriptions of the position you are maintaining. The description are totally germane to your "arguments". 


&gt;I was simply trying to state that this sub was made for people to come in and discuss things openly, as intellectuals, which anyone can be.

Dispassionate automatons.

&gt;However it seems all you wish to do is be the aggressor here.

I am only defending myself and the people you oppress. You expect me to passively tolerate abuse? 

&gt;you quite literally called my life
Worthless.

Since there is no link and I'm not going to go back and search for it, I'll assume I was informing you that you are making your life worthless by your actions and what you support.


&gt;fighting anyone with a different opinion than yours, 

Why the fuck do you and your fellow capitalists think it is an *opinion* to refuse to tolerate oppression? You are too selfish to bear.


&gt; try to come to an amiable solution with you,

You expect me to be comfortable with your abuse so you can feel friendly and pleasant? You are self centered unaware and just plain inhuman.


&gt;If it is your goal to spread said beliefs, I would suggest maybe not attacking any and all who cross your path, because all that does is disillusion those who are genuinely interested in your ideology.


You are such a liar. You need to protect that fragile ego of yours, eh? That's not my responsibility. Be a big boy. 

No, either you are hopeless or when you start thinking with the brain in your head and not the one between your legs, you will learn. With clueless people like you I continue for the lurkers, not you.

&gt;In the end, I was just asking a fellow human being to act kindly to others. 

These are just words on a screen. I am more concerned with the people you don't give a fuck about, those lacking in food and shelter because of your "opinion". 

What an entitled bitch you are.


&gt;I sincerely hope you have a nice day.

At least be honest, once...
