I'm from Thane (aka almost Mumbai), MH.

We have water cuts 1-2 days a week. Usually Wednesday/Thursdays. My housing society is spending boatloads on ordering tankers because apparently people  just don't get the message even after multiple reminders to save water and store up on the previous day. There have been cases of members actually throwing a fit with the manager because water was cut off for a few hours. Other things that tick me off are people watering their plants for 20 minutes, and those fancy car washes with the high pressure hoses. A bucket of water is sufficient to wipe down your car, for heaven's sake!

People are unaware and inconsiderate. There is no effort to behave like we are in a drought. A few hours away from Mumbai, people get water once a week, and have to lock their drums so that theives can't get their stores. Meanwhile dipshits are playing holi here. This is surreal and straight out of a socialist nightmare book. 

I have not seen this problem (and a huge one at that) being reported widely. ToI gave it some coverage in November, Indian express does like a piece a week. Marathi papers do cover the drought in interior Maharashtra frequently.

Lack of rainfall in past 2 years, increasing food prices, peak oil, increased focus of society on buying unnecessary shit, and 'I'll take of myself, everyone else can fuck themselves' attitudes are done problems that deeply trouble me and many of you'll too, I guess. 

A few years ago I started to commit to a very low impact lifestyle, because I don't fancy the guilt of adding to environmental destruction. Small things can have a snowball effect, like avoiding geyser and AC use as much as possible, walking and using public transport only (not as bad as it sounds), avoiding malls/pubs in favour of hills and gardens, fewer clothes and shoes, buying only essential groceries (try avoiding snacks for a week or two, you'll feel better), treating plastic like the plague, and generally being aware of the consequences my choices will have. Might be insignificant, but it gives you peace of mind.

If anyone has suggestions on how to raise awareness/save water on a personal level, I'd love to hear it. I was thinking of raising a proposal to start metering each house for separate billing but I'm 100% sure it would be shot down. I'm always puzzled at how people are carefree as long as everyone pays the price. The minute we are held accountable, things fall in line.
