Well I'll be __cked. There's hope for you after all! Smiles. You're welcome.   

Joking and being silly is indeed appropriate in the right contexts. A beginner struggling with likely poor choices with regards to Kundalini just might not be the best time for them.  

&gt;anyway yes i got perfectly your point,   

Good. I will back away and do a Snoopy happy dance. Remember, all I've said so far applies to now. Do the prep works, build some skills and attitudes, and it's impossible for your future.  Be willing for it to take 1/2 to three decades, without impatience. Life may distract you with funny things like jobs and such!  

You are correct in the idea that many yoga teachers are unaware and uneducated about K. That's why Kundalini Yoga, and especially the team that was taught by Yogi Bhajan are so relevant - they are numerous, and not clueless about K.  

There is no particular reason you'd need to go to China, India or anywhere else. You may have to cross provinces or states, or even to the far side of a continent.   

In China, you'd likely need to learn some Chinese. In India, the British colonisation means that many speak English. A bonus.   

I'm told by Indian people living here in Canada, (And have read similar things on-line), that finding real spiritual teachers has become a big problem in India. Not impossible, just a lot harder than it was. One spiritual teacher in India who does YT videos says there may be as few as 6 real teachers, (What he calls *real* teachers may be quite extreme), in all of India. He states maybe 100 in Japan within their mainly Zen culture. I forget what he says beyond that for other areas and cultures. Poor buddy is lonely.  

You can do years of Hatha Yoga without worry. There's no absolute need for them to be familiar with K. It's damn helpful if an advanced student comes along and their Kundalini stirs. There are teachers in the West who are qualified. It's your requirement (A hoop to leap through), to be able to both find them and choose one who you find compatible with who you are and your life circumstances.   

I've never met a Kundalini person / teacher who referred to themselves as a Master. The students might call them that, but never the teachers. Be aware of that. That's true of teachers who have started to "pass on what they have learned." They may seem a little greenish and speak in a funny accent, or not! Smiles.  

Far from the internet - yes, I hope you get the chance to do a retreat of some kind at some future date, if you ever wish to do that. It's quite worthwhile. Just be honest on the application form!  

My *you are not yet ready* message implies that you are not ready to meet a teacher NOW. It's too soon. Get those skills and experience started at least. You'll find a list of ideas in those Supporting Practices in the Wiki.  

Have fun.   

Just double-checked your message for things I might have missed, and I found something worth talking about.  

&gt;the sad thing is that there aren't really kundalini schools or anything like that  

Yes there are. I speak of them all the time. No need to seek them out yet. You have homework to do. Hehehe. And if you don't do your homework, there'll will be a note sent to your Mom!  

There are both teachers of Kundalini Yoga, and teachers who focus on Kundalini in some way in various parts of the world, including in the West. The KY teachers are far more numerous.   
