Why are you seeking to look perfect? That's no required or expected. I don't strive to be or look perfect, and trust me, I could definitely lose weight. Despite there being room for me to improve physically, I make certain that things that can readily be "on point" are, such as having good hygiene, and making certain that I'm presentable when I'm trying to achieve something.


Everyone accepts a certain role in life: some will choose to take things to heart, and allow themself to weighted down, and others won't. The tough part is changing one's role. You don't suffer from an eating disorder because life calls for you to have it or because life calls for you to be perfect, you have an eating disorder, because at this point, you've chosen to allow yourself to be weighed down by life. When one is younger (I'm assuming you're grown), one can use being inexperienced, unaware, and naive, to justify doing things that are detrimental to them, but as we get older, and learn that there are resources available to help oneself and are able to use rational, cognitive thinking, still being oppressed by things like eating disorders becomes less and less of a victim's battle, and more of a choice. 


I'm sure that you've lived enough life to see that no one is perfect, that people who have many imperfections are successful at relationships and life, and that you can see that strongholding your eating isn't going to make you perfect, and in fact has the opposite effect. At this point, you're giving in to the part of your mind that's screaming the loudest, but is the most irrational, and it's time that you stop! In life, we come across situations that require us to play mind over matter, and unfortunately, this is your battle. But, the only way to win, is to not let the thoughts that suggest that disordered eating is appropriate, a solution, or ok. Everytime your mind says give into disordered eating, you inundate it with reasons why disordered eating is uncalled for, inappropriate, and unnecessary, and that you're not going to do it. 


You're only a victim when there's nothing you can do to avoid that action, but you can avoid it, you just have to be diligent and mindful. I wish you all the best with your battle, and I hope that you allow cognitive thinking to guide you, instead of irrational. Also, I would definitely seek counseling for your victimized thought processes. To even allow sentiments like, "I am a man though and it doesn't count so I try not to bring it up. Some would even ssy it's good that people like me go through this as it encourages guys to step ul their game", shows that you're struggling with a victim mentality and cognitive dissonance.
