&gt;  I am not directly commenting on that, more about you. in general I don't understand any of your logic despite your moniker.

Because there is no logic to be found. This "logical lead" is profoundly ignorant to the social and cultural reality of rape and sexual violence in the US. They are also speaking from a place of unrecognized privilege by trying to police the behavior and response of survivors. This is particularly noticeable when you look at sexual violence prosecution and the strict standards of criminal court that makes a near impossible barrier to successful prosecution and can actually cause more psychological harm to a survivor.  The blatant appeals to authority and the legal system is a fundamental failure to understand the criminal versus civil justice systems, the differences in standards between them and the relationship of those standards and laws with regards to sexual violence.  The argument being made also shifts the onus of the pursuit of justice and future prevention of sexual assaults onto the survivor. 

Ultimately, this blogger comes across as someone who is utterly unaware and uninvolved in victim advocacy, sexual violence prevention and other work relating to it. If they are aware, then they are actively damaging the causes they think they are supporting. Survivor and anti-sexual violence advocacy is about supporting survivors first, introducing awareness to the crimes and how they are committed (e.g. not stranger danger), changing the culture around believing survivors and changing the culture around sex in the US. While it sounds nice to advocate more police involvement, it is feel good nonsense because, of highly likely committed rapes reported to authorities, less than 10% will even be referred to prosecutors. This is due to a large confluence of factors, including discrimination, the circumstantial nature of most rape evidence, the short time frame in which physical evidence can be obtained and cultural shaming of rape and sexual violence survivors.  The blogger's post violates so many basic tenants of being a good supporter of survivors, it's mostly just sad. The post isn't about survivors, it's about punishment and generating controversy. 

The lack of understanding isn't going to go away, they keeps posting this kind of stuff and they use tactics, like false advocacy and the "abuse" moniker, to avoid and shield themselves(and their argument) from criticism. Their response is to turn back and attack you for not being an advocate or not wanting to see justice. There is always a place to shift the goalpost unfortunately and this person sees their post as some sort of journalism. They have deliberately misrepresented people in the past and frequently warp words to the definition they want to use them, frequently without regard to the denotative or connotative meaning.
