Well, alrighty then!

I was unable to watch this live, so I just caught up now and holy balls was that a great episode. I'm super sad I didn't get to watch it with all of you - however I took some notes and I have some questions.

First off, it appears the oil rig is just one giant yoga studio. If this wasn't in the middle of a war and some dumb AI wasn't trying to kill the entire world, I would totally want to live on that oil rig. 

Second, I really like that we have had some more visuals into the CoL. It also amuses me that Grounders or other warrior type people are seen in v-neck sweaters and slacks. Hilarious. It sort of made me feel that the CoL some how represents Corporate America. Everyone is just walking around until they are called upon to do a task. They are dazed and unaware and ignorant. It's just a stark difference between CoL and Earth, which at some point, I'm sure used to look similar to CoL, so it's just interesting how these places have switched roles. 

Monty and Harper - Glad to see another relationship kindle. However, this basically means one of them is going to die. Fun times. My favorite part is when Raven walk in on them afterwards and was like '*finally*'. 

When I saw ALIE on the oil rig, I nearly fell off my chair. That was of course after Luna foreshadowed that who ever was causing the trouble, would not find their way to her rig. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. 

God damnit Jasper... I feels for you. You always fall for the heroes. Shay and Maya both saved Clarke to have her continue on her crazy journey. Clarke is damn lucky Jasper finds these girls.

The MOMTY scene was so sad. That bitch ALIE would use his mother's voice - even though it was that dickhead Jaha's idea. He's so EVIL. Seeing Raven cry nearly broke me. Great scene.

Also, anyone else notice the way Indra was holding that gun? What was she going to do with it? Swing it at people. Haha should have taken those gun touting lessons from Kane when she had the chance.

I was totally yelling at Clarke to not drink the drink. SHE JUST SAID STAY SHARP. Hasn't the whole drinky drinky thing happened before? You would think they would learn. fuck.

So, questions since my mind exploded towards the end. 

- Is it assumed that where they showed ALIE was the Ark? Like the dead thing flying out in space? 

- Why would she want to go to the Ark? And why wouldn't she be able to be stopped from there? Couldn't Raven just hack into that thing that they have in Titus' tech house of horror? 

- There two major attempts to shut ALIE down - Raven finding the kill switch, and Muphy and Pike destroying Dora's backpack backpack. Of course NEITHER would work. But, what does this migration mean and why was it needed? And why doesn't she need the backpack anymore?

tl;dr - This episode was tits. I love this show. 


