Do you prefer taking a piss outside or inside? Assuming the weather is preferable.

Inside...

What do you think of individuals who are lazy and unaware?

That they are similar to me ;p

Do you have a distorted perception of what constitutes as lazy and unaware?

Not sure exactly what this is asking, but probably yes cause I'm very lazy and unaware

How has your sleep cycle been in the past 10 years?

Pretty normal, other than some trouble falling asleep

How much do you procrastinate?

All the damn time

What do you value most in life? Outside of occupation, salary, etc.

Not sure honestly

What are your top 5 favourite films/shows

Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead, Interstellar, Inception, idk

What is your age, race, eye colour, sexuality, gender

19M, white, blue-green eyes, straight

What are your top 5 favourite books

A Song of Ice and Fire, Stormlight Archive, Mistborn, Warbreaker, Elantris

How many true friends do you have?

Not sure how to define true friend. Maybe 10-12?

Who are your favourite US politicians?

Ron Paul, Ron Paul, Ron Paul and Ron Paul ;)

What is your favourite political philosophy?

Libertarianism

Do you like smelling all of your body odour? Armpits, ballsack sweat, etc.)

Honestly, kinda yeah

Did the previous question make you recoil/become suspicious?

Nope ;p

Do you enjoy smelling your underwear around evening, or do you want for the smell to strengthen and sniff the next day, or sniff during both periods?

Okay, now that made me recoil ;)

Have you ever looked at another human as if they are just some bacteria that you can manipulate/control by utilising your tact?

No...

How attractive would you rate yourself out of 10

6

What are your past time activities, or don't you have time for any?

Reading, video games, youtube, reddit, board games

How do you react to being overly controlled?

Annoyed

How well do you feel you could manage a school out of 10?

2

What do you think of incompetent teachers?

Annoyed

What are your best subjects at school?

Anything but English (though I'm still pretty good at English)

How superior do you/did you feel to others in school?

In high school: a lot
In college: a little

Favourite weather?

Chilly, cloudy and kinda rainy

Favourite time of day?
 
Evening
