I was Team Moneybags, I mean Iron Man, when I went in mostly because I preferred his side of heroes and could understand his idea. That being said I also understood Cap's point of view.

I actually left still being a Moneybags fan but seriously waning on both. I feel like Iron Man took a subpar deal with the UN. I feel like they could have arranged a far better deal for themselves and worked out the arrangements with the UN if they discussed it with them. The idea of folding immediately felt really annoying. The escape of Bucky was a clear indication that the UN were unaware and unsure of what was going on but Iron Man was too blinded to think with his infinite mind that something else might be going on. The Part 3 of the movie where Iron Man sticks it to Ross felt really good because it felt like what Iron Man would really be like under the UN however the final fight felt forced and made me lose most of my faith in Iron Man as he succumb to his own trauma.

While I prefer Captain America's ideals in the movie I am conflicted as why he went that way. Rather than try to broker a happy medium he went completely off on his own. He feels less like a leader and more like a desperate soldier unwilling to give up the fight. Take for example his belief that Bucky was in trouble after realising the psych was not right. Rather than immediately take it to Iron Man/Widow who was on the same level as him at the time he proceeded straight down to save Bucky. While heroic, had he presented his thoughts to Iron Man's side immediately its likely the entire civil war could have been avoided as Widow or Iron Man would have likely understood his logic.

There are multiple more points but I think the general point that made me stay Team Moneybags is the fact that Black Panther and Iron Man feel like leaders throughout most of the film. They feel like they should be in charge while Captain America is running around like a headless chicken doing what he wants when he wants and not caring what conflict he starts. He feels bullheaded and irresponsible but Iron Man's excessive critical thinking and willingness to bend to the government also make him frustrating. He shows a ray of hope towards the end but ultimately falls. If it wasn't for Black Panther's ending scene's where he displayed his growth and decision making as a leader I probably would have swapped sides.

Perhaps I did swap to the third option of being Team Panther in the end?
