Here's what I would do, in brief.

1. Remove Qui-Gonn from the main action, replaced with Obi-Wan. This younger Obi-Wan will be brash and impulsive, very much in need of seasoning. Qui-Gonn would provide exposition and instigate character growth in Obi. When Qui-Gonn dies, Obi-Wan is left to teach Anakin himself, paving the way for a flawed Jedi in Anakin Skywalker.

2. Remove Chancellor Palpatine's story arc. The Emperor's role in the future makes more sense if he seized power aggressively. He never struck me as being terribly subversive in the original trilogy. Y'know, what with the death lightning and the very straightforward talk of turning to the Dark Side.

3. Replace Clone Troopers. Clone Troopers and Stormtroopers simply cannot be the same thing, despite the implication that they are. Instead, Palpatine has made a pact with (or coerced with the Force) a legion of unpleasant genetically grown creatures with devastating battle tactics to terrorize and weaken the Republic. The Emperor's involvement can be kept hidden from the audience for the most part, until the end of the trilogy, once the strategy of fracturing the Republic and swaying the leadership to make sweeping changes to an imperial dictatorship is complete. He can then destroy his secret allies and assume domination over the new Empire.

4. Show some despair! The people and their leaders need to be starving, battleworn, haggard, and impoverished by the end of the trilogy to make the drastic and frightening change of tone in the government to make sense. Palpatine's tactics will seem much more logical if the audience can see the public and the Senate start to grow terrified as worlds fall and fleets burn in space while the rest of the Republic starts to starve.

5. Anakin Skywalker needs to be far less petulant. Omit the storyline about his mother, and his love affair with Padme. Instead, have Anakin portrayed as an upstanding, if flawed, man. His downfall can be as simple as being seduced by a woman - maybe even a Jedi Knight. Cue pregnancy that he doesn't find out about until after the twins are born. Angry that she kept her pregnancy secret and unaware that he has more than one child, he murders her and begins his descent to the Dark Side while searching for his son.

I'm sure there are WAY more fixes to offer, but that's my five cents (we have to round up in Canada without pennies).
