I feel like I am trying to be free of bias. You are the one claiming I am unaware and ignorant. Honestly, a lot of people with your level of certainty are victims of the [Dunning-Kruger effect.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect)

I merely asked for your definition of communism so we have a place to work from. So many people call any use of social services communism, which just isn't true. I'm curious if you consider stuff like food stamps and social security communist ideas. Where do we draw the line when it comes to the government's responsibility to care for its people?

If we look at some more information on [communism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communism), we see that it is also considered "a socioeconomic order structured upon the common ownership of the means of production and the absence of social classes, money, and the state." So a communist society has no money, classes, or state. This is incredibly far removed from our current culture and the goals expressed by any notable politician.

I'm not going to address Marxist feminism, because that is honestly the first time I ever heard the phrase, and the pay gap between genders is a lot more complicated than either side likes to admit. To really discuss the pay gap, we would have to address cultural gender norms, subconscious biases by employers, work environments, maternity leave, and a slew of other considerations. 

Basic Income and Communism are not really related at all. Basic income merely seeks to provide necessities in a more efficient way than our current welfare systems. To effectively argue against basic income, you'd have to argue that all other forms of welfare are also communist. All of the programs seek to provide basic necessities. Basic Income relies on capitalism. It actually provides more freedom than other forms of welfare because it doesn't dictate *how* a person should spend their money. Basic Income also requires a capitalist society with money to work, which is contrary to communism.

It doesn't matter to me if Sanders calls himself a communist or not. But I do not feel like he has called for any kind of communist ideals. He merely seeks to lessen the wealth inequality that has increased dramatically over the last few years. The [current level of inequality](http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2014/11/daily-chart-2) is roughly equal to the inequality we saw right before the Great Depression. Wanting to address this issue is not "class warfare."

I still think McCarthy used the fears of the time to instigate witch hunts against innocent people. Currently, there is no risk of the US becoming communist. We praise capitalism far too much to go anywhere near communism.
