"I'll give you 10 minutes" said Grim, as he lazily placed his Scythe against a wall. I looked at his face, well, where his face would be if it wasn't masked by the thick black fog that enveloped the inside of his hood. 

"Can't I just have an hour with him? He lived such a long life. He knows so much. Experienced so much. The man knows of heartache unparalleled and joy inconceivably huge. I want to learn it all before you take him to where he needs to be" I responded. 

"They all do. Such is life. Sadly, I doubt this one will remember much of anything. 9 minutes." Grim said as he ushered himself to a nearby chair. He made it abundantly clear that he was done debating, and if I was gather what I wanted I would have to make haste. And so, I turned from the faceless void of my dear friend, and marched over to the soon to be departed. 

"Hello Ramses" I spoke out softly. Ramses' hand shook as his ears pricked awake. He turned in his bed and faced towards me, the milky white gunk that covered his retinas blinding him. With a trembling hand he made contact with my face. He rubbed down the ridges of my cheeks, slowly curved his fingertip around my lips and lastly fondled the upper parts of my skull, as he painted my face inside his mind. I looked down his arm to see a small tattoo imprinted across his wrist. '91820' it wrote, short and simple, but within its simplicity's it hold a tale of the darkest parts of man's hearts.

"Dad?" Ramses asked out. "You came back for me". I could feel the heart in my chest thump out of pattern as Ramses spoke to me. The poor man had mistaken me for a long last one. Who was I though, in the last few minutes of his long life, to deny him this joy. 

"Hello Son. I came back." I rubbed my palm across his forehead lightly, pushing away a small gathering of sweat. I could see his lip quiver as my words flushed into his mind, and the corners of his eyes begin to tear up. 

"Why did you leave me? I needed you..." Ramses words bit with a venom I hadn't felt before. I couldn't comprehend the kind of soul crushing sadness that resided underneath three little words. 'I needed you'. 

"I know. I know. I'm sorry I wasn't there. But I am here now." I sat down on a small chair next to his bed and gripped his hand lightly. The tubes running into his veins on his right arm chugged the last bits of their contents into his body, as Ramses could feel his body begin to slow down. 

"I needed you. They killed everyone. They burned their bodies. They marked us for death. They turned me into a number. They made me not human. Dad, they... I needed you so badly". Tears poured down Ramses' cheeks as he choked on his words. I, too, felt tears begin to gather behind my eyes, as I held his hand tighter and tighter. Through him I felt it all. The persecution, the blades, the terror and the fear, all at once. I felt the black mark that was burnt in his flesh. Such incredible suffering.

"Son, I hope you know, that If I could have been there by your side I would have. I never stopped thinking about you. I never stopped wishing that one day I could see you become the man that you are tonight. You made me so proud. I love you. I pray that you never forget that I love you." I didn't know if it was true. I did not know the man his father was. Perhaps he was a coward. Or, perhaps, he was a hero who died in a battle that no one man could win. I did not know. But in this moment of serenity, I felt as if the truth did not matter as much as hope. I could see the last bits of life drip out of Ramses, as he grew a smile that would make the galaxies dance with delight. 

"What happens now Dad?" He asked me. "Do I go to Shamayim?" I rubbed my hand up his arm and pushed the tears that streamed down his face away, before responding.

"Yes, my boy. A man of your caliber was destined to always go." I could feel the room grow colder as Grim walked into the room, standing behind me with Scythe in hand, as he looked at Ramses. I looked at my friend and asked, "Does this hurt you? To be the Specter every human runs from?" Grim simply turned his head to face me.

"Does this hurt you? To be the Specter who stands before every human and becomes the person they once were? I just send them where they need to go." Ramses' eyes closed. His spirit floated high above his corpse, eyes closed and unaware, that he had even passed. Grim placed a single hand on his shoulder, which startled Ramses, but he quickly calmed himself down. 

"Where are we going Dad?" He said, facing Grim. Grim looked at me, waiting for me to answer him.

"Home" I said, as I felt my heart sink into my stomach. "We're going home". 
