It's clearly not worth the time talking to you. For the first thing you said, if the wealth gap were a consequence of "ye olde segregation" then that would be an example of structural racism going on right now, so you just contradicted yourself. It would be the continuation of consequences from racist policies that are in no way "ye olde." For the second point, no those aren't correlations those are facts. It would be a correlation if I was trying to draw a conclusion that wasn't contained in the fact itself for which there wasn't further evidence as to a cause. I said the mere fact that those are the discrepencies in those positions puts images throughout the media, and therefore the culture that give an illusion of diversity when actually there isn't. So while I don't accept your seeming claim that 

Film studio heads were 94 percent white, Film studio senior management was 92 percent white, Film studio unit heads were 96 percent white, Television network and studio heads were 96 percent white, Television senior management was 93 percent white, Television unit heads were 86 percent white

Aren't from structural racism, I don't need to for the point to still stand about what gets released into popular culture. Also, there is ample evidence, including in that United nations report and human rights reports that there are tons of layers of obstacles that affect black people and other minorities from getting into positions like the ones I just listed ^ . You just made an assertion that there isn't evidence and didn't back it up at all, while tossing out the United Nations review and the concern over racial discrepencies in human rights reports, all the while contradicting yourself by saying these discrepencies could have came about by racist policies from the past- which would make the continuation of their consequences without remedying them a continuation of racism today. Also you seem completely unaware and lacking of concern when your talking about poor families and what not that that's fundamentally against human rights- ICESCR is a part of the international bill of human rights which goes over a lot of these things you seem to think are natural and acceptable and which are in fact a big part of the structural racism of the country. For the "black people live in more crime-filled areas" that has nothing to do with "In a 1990 report, the non-partisan U.S. General Accounting Office found "a pattern of evidence indicating racial disparities in the charging, sentencing, and imposition of the death penalty." The study concluded that a defendant was several times more likely to be sentenced to death if the murder victim was white. This has been confirmed by the findings of many other studies that, holding all other factors constant, the single most reliable predictor of whether someone will be sentenced to death is the race of the victim.

From initial charging decisions to plea bargaining to jury sentencing, African-Americans are treated more harshly when they are defendants, and their lives are accorded less value when they are victims. All-white or virtually all-white juries are still commonplace in many localities."
