Many years ago I was fired from my job in a small ad agency: it was a Friday night, and I was leaving for a weeklong vacation in Disney World with my wife and kids. I was utterly unprepared for what came next, other than a vague awareness of some financial problems we’d been having with our largest client.

The official reason for my dismissal was that a search of phone records revealed I had made a phone call to the Executive Creative Director of a much larger local agency from a company phone about six months earlier. This agency was not a competitor to any of our accounts.

I was stunned. Initially I couldn’t even remember the incident, but later recalled that this ECD wanted to discuss my availability for an open position at his shop. The other job never materialized, and I forgot about it until that Friday night I was fired.

Years later I came in contact with the boss who fired me, and some comments he made tipped me off to what he could not tell me: I was actually fired because of some very high medical bills incurred at the birth of my third child and which the agency could not acknowledge without making themselves vulnerable to a lawsuit for wrongful dismissal. Since that time, I’ve seen similar incidents happen in many different ways. All companies, large and small, have ways of getting around:

Americans With Disabilities Act requirements
Anti-discrimination laws and policies
Just about every constitutionally protected right
If you don’t think so, then you are either very young, a corporate attorney, or possibly very honest and unaware that the rest of the world is not like you. And even if you know that your rights were violated, good luck winning that in court unless you are independently wealthy and have years to battle through the series of hearings, adjournments, and appeals that will inevitably follow unless they settle out of court.

Rather than end on this dismal note, I’d like to add that every job I’ve had since then was better and therefore my corrupt crappy boss actually did me a fantastic favor!
