I agreed with everything u/lawdudette said and just wanted to add that the reason why it might seem like your friend values her two week peeps more than you is because of the primary Fe function.  I can't speak for everyone, but for me, I try to accommodate the other person by two ways: figuring out how they would like to be shown appreciation and by figuring out how serious our friendship is.  

For the first point, I try to understand them as a person.  Do they like PDA?  Are they comfortable with what how I plan to express my feelings for them?  Do they care about what people think of our relationship?  As a result, how I do show appreciation is heavily reliant on the other person. For the latter, I tend to over-romanticize / put more importance in the relationship I have with someone, so if the friendship is serious, I will be more hesitant to express my feelings to protect myself.  As ENFJs, we value genuineness, so we want our words to mean something when we talk to you.  If someone uses words freely and don't really mean it, it lets me do the same without worrying about how I come across.   As a result, when you see your ENFJ gushing about someone, it could be because that person made the first move and expressed appreciation so your ENFJ friend felt comfortable enough to express their appreciation with that person, but doesn't necessarily value that person more over the other.  Consequently, if someone is genuine and just so happens to be able to express their feelings freely, we will return the favor as well and mean it too. 

But we know what's real and what's not, as per u/lawdudette stressed.  Yeah, there may be a brief honeymoon period in the beginning when we get to know each other, but as soon as we know each other, we know what the nature of our relationship is. So even if your ENFJ is excitable with others, that doesn't mean that your friend is blinded by the compliments, but know how the relationship works.  

As long as your ENFJ friend is making efforts with you, you shouldn't worry about your worth to them.  Once you have a relationship with an ENFJ, it's hard to for them to have a negative opinion of you/let go. We tend to accept people as they are. 

Lastly, wanted to reemphasize u/lawdudette's point with your ENFJ friend pulling back if you are not receptive to new people. We notice how you react, even if you think you are discreet, and if that indicates toxicity, then we will distance ourselves.  I say this because sometimes people are unaware and surprised that I notice their expressions. 
