What an unbelievably arrogant and ignorant sentence. I suppose you think we humans are at the top of the food chain as well? And that God deemed man to rule over all species he created? Breed them by the billions just to slit their throats because their dead bodies taste good and thats what they're here for? Never mind the fact that we don't need to eat animals to be healthy and thrive or that it is ruining our planet right?

You, my friend, are so oblivious and unaware that if I hadn't already lost all hope and faith in humanity you'd be the one that took it to that next level for me. Please, go do some research. I figured this shit out on my own when I was a kid and it blows my mind how a grown adult can sit there and think they are a well educated, compassionate person but has yet to realized the obvious that the reality they take part in when sitting down at the dinner table could be nothing further from the truth.

What we do to the billions of cows, pigs, birds and fish we needlessly murder each year is so immorally unjustifiable and unnecessary on such a vast scale that it is one of the most amazing and greatest achievements of man kind not to have realized it yet. Really my friends...Bravo. You couldn't haven't done any worse.

News flash, just because you go to church on Sunday and because you care for cats and dogs doesn't make you a good person. Reality check, Cows and pigs have just as much intelligence and personality as cats and dogs and have just as much love to give so when we as a society and you as an individual are so completely disconnected from the reality of their suffering due to our eating habits and are continually supporting their endless enslavement and torment with your dollar and when there is nothing I as a person can do to stop it other than not partaking in it  yeah, I might come off as sounding a bit aggressive but it is nothing compared to what these animals are going through every day so dont blame me, blame this fucked up system we built society on the back of that I, a compassionate intelligent person want to end.

This goes so much deeper then you realize, barbaric doesn't even come close to covering it. Evil is what it is and realizing it is the least you can do for them. Go Vegan.
