Thank you for your question. The New Message from God reveals that we live in a Greater Community of intelligent life in the universe. Humanity is an emerging world, a world in the difficult process of entering into this larger arena of life and beginning to engage with the Greater Community. 

As humanity undergoes this emergence, contact has begun, but it is contact of a complex and dangerous nature. An Intervention is underway in the world today by forces from beyond our world seeking to gain control of the resources of the Earth. This is the greatest threshold in human history yet people are unaware and unprepared. 

Humanity is the weak and divided steward of a rare gem in the universe — a world of biological wealth and diversity that we are destroying at an unprecedented rate. At the same time, humanity has great spiritual power and natural endowments which must protected, cultivated and brought forth. In the New Message this spiritual power is called “Knowledge,” which speaks of our innate ability to directly discern the truth. The New Message is here to ignite the experience of Knowledge in the human family, which will give humanity the power to face the great environmental, social and economic crises of our time and the immense challenge of emerging into the Greater Community as a free and sovereign world.

At the same time the Intervention works to undermine human freedom and sovereignty in our world, God has called upon an association of free races in our region of space to share their warning and wisdom with humanity in a series of briefings called The Allies of Humanity briefings. These briefings describe in detail the activities of the Intervention and the critical importance of Knowledge in the individual — the part of us that is beyond manipulation and influence of all kinds. You can read these briefings here: 
www.alliesofhumanity.org

I have come into the world as the first Greater Community Messenger — to proclaim the coming of the Greater Community and humanity’s emergence into this vast panorama of life. I have come to bring God’s revelation about life in the universe to humanity for the first time. God has spoken again to alert and prepare the human family for its emergence into the Greater Community of life in the universe. This is why I am here and this is part of what I bring.

I invite you to read the Revelation about humanity’s emergence into the Greater Community. Here God is telling each person and the world as a whole what must be done to prepare for this, the greatest of all thresholds in humanity’s evolution:
www.newmessage.org/the-message/volume-1/greater-community/entering-the-greater-community

