I play with gen monks and pet wd as well, gen monks are squishy but it can certainly be done, I think as high as up to 105, I'll know where the limits are when I play with 3k+ gen monks.  I'd say I play with wizards the least, although it's partially because there aren't so many of them playing this season.  But the idea that I only run with wizards is a deeply incorrect assumption, especially when I have 100+ clears with gen monks, fb wds (3zdps) and pet wds.

I don't see the point in noting which particular types of dps buffs I lack if the overall result is that I'm still providing more damage.  I'd listen to an argument  revolving around that, maybe concerning pushing people to a break point via IAS.  But that ultimately needs to relate back to a firm superiority in dps provided, which as far as I'm aware, right now, does not happen.  Also, multi-shot wind chill rune provides an 8% crit chance buff, which runs contrary to your statement that ZDH provides no chc buff.

I'm also not sure why you think that either of the ZDH's damage mitigation sources, in guardian turret or in numbing traps, don't affect ranged projectiles?  Moreover, ranged damage is generally the far less significant source of damage, anyway.  It's usually floor stuff or melee, or melee one shots, that are the real threat to survivability.  Moreover, IP is god-like, but there's definitely an issue with this community feeling that it's absolutely essential.  From 90 up to 100+ I've encountered an endless supply of people who both feel that way, and are simultaneously so used to not ever having to move, that they actually don't move, and end up blaming a lack of damage mitigation on what is actually an extraordinary amount of really, really poor, unaware and non-reactive play.  IP is great, and it's essential for the top tier pushing, but it's definitely not essential for anything I've achieved or am still about to achieve, either in terms of pushing, or what I steadily farm.  For 3zdps I can do 98s with 4~ mins avg left night after night, for 2 zdps, working with often lower 2k para dps, it's more like 97s at the same pace.

I also have to say that most people seem to find barb's hard pull overrated.  I'm not saying it isn't amazing and a huge loss that the zdh takes, but a smart player can body pull VERY well, and zmonk can occasionally help pick up the slack by clearing a doorway etc, or a good group on TS can even reposition.  You'll still have runaways and bad rifts for openness which will highlight the importance of having hook, but at least in so far as closed up rifts are concerned - these aren't the types of rifts in which people are making limit breaking push progress to begin with, because they're universally shit rifts with narrowness and poor density.  When it comes to the open rifts you fish for to make push progress, zdh shines almost just as well as zbarb for pulling and density gathering.  It really has to be noted again that most people are pretty awful at body pulling and even most zbarbs I watch  are still garbage about hooking things as well.

I don't want to be off-putting with this suggestion, but based on some of the things you've said and the incorrect assumptions or statements that you've made about this char and where and how it fits into the meta, and what it can actually do.. I'm inclined to question whether you've ever played a ZDH?  I would guess at no since you're not perfectly familiar with the very few core skills and details of its damage buffing that are in place, and would have to encourage you to actually explore all of the details and even have a more hands-on experience with the characters limitation than merely theory crafting, and that, without full expertise and some initial misunderstandings about what the character in question even is or can do?  I'm just trying to be fair and logical here, nothing personal, but I think it's  a source of our not seeing eye to eye, and I think this is common in many, many people who have strong opinions about ZDH and whether they are relevant or not; people don't actually know what a ZDH can do, and is, either this season, or any season.  Moreover, what it can do in the hands of a highly skilled execution from someone with lots of experience and refinement to their approach to the role, build and skill choices etc.

There are a lot of incorrect assumptions from where you're coming from, and I appreciate you sharing them, but I've ultimately given you a strong list of reasons which you've variously been unimpressed by, dismissed, or actually misunderstood the truth of, only to pile on many more incorrect assumptions about the limitations of what I do, and only then to ask, why would anyone make time for this char?

I play with almost exclusively 2k+ para dps players, most often from Omega/Rogue/Target/Haven, and plenty of others from lesser known clans, and I get with the same people over and over again.  You might want to ask them why bother?  Or take solace in knowing that, they have some answer, that something is clearly working out okay there for them.  I'm not saying I ultimately allow them to farm or push in ways they can't already, but up to certain grift levels, I'm definitely not holding anybody back.  All I've done is play zdh up to 1300 para since just before the start of season 7.   I know the limits and what is efficient, and I don't much overstep it or drag others into that mistake with me.  If you're always able to find groups to speed farm 100+, then you wouldn't have much use for me.  But  that is honestly very, very few people.  If you don't have last seasons gem levels for your dps, and 2500+ para, you're probably not 'farming' much faster/higher than what I typically am.  I've also yet to really participate in any farming groups involving two truly high 3k+ dps, or a properly geared, last season gem'd FB wd for my 3zdps, or I would expect that I can farm 100 just about as well as anybody else is, at that point.  Also, relative to pushing, when I first cleared 100 I was still making some mistakes in my play w/ dps buffing that I've since cut out, and I cleared 100 as 3zdps, w/ a 2350 FB WD, and 5 full minutes to spare.  This was a pretty good rift, but it still could have been better.  I just want  it to actually be understood that there should be no doubt that 105 can be reached, if not higher.

The largest problem barring me from performing even better than I do right now, is a lack of access to 'stronger' players, which is, more than anything, purveyed by a near absolute lethargy and dismissiveness with respect to the idea of my build, the relevance of which I am, as can be seen from the leaderboards, essentially single-handedly pushing into view.  And it's not quite done.

Yes, you are right, the zdh is not as optimal as playing the the exact homogenous meta that everybody else is, but it's not very far off at all, especially when it comes to what anybody is actually farming.  The DPS of ZDH is genuinely not in question here, ZDH does fine for dps pacing, the bottleneck is where the survivability gives out and creates a limit of what can be efficiently done, strictly based off of what can be survived.

Plus, it's also really fun to actually be competing and achieving things, doing anything that is your own thing, instead of being a complete clone of everybody elses meta, and having pretty much nothing of a competitive achievement to pride yourself on, instead being player #237823 clearing many levels lower than the top of the leaderboards.  Yes, you aren't weighting for 'fun' as exists relative to other people, strictly efficiency, but I would honestly put to you the question of what the point is in playing a game where you're literally *only* interested in efficiency for the sake of para for the sake of... exactly what, in the end?  I'd be willing to wager that I'm having a lot more fun than you, and given what I'm typically farming, my efficiency is pretty damn solid and I doubt that it's even as much as 10% less than what you personally are achieving, if any less at all - depends on who you are and what you're reliably doing night after night.  I care greatly about efficiency - that is how I've come this far, with more left to refine and to accomplish :o
