I'd be fairly entertained by a potential lose-lose-lose-lose-extinction-level-event-lose scenario of y'all kicking the shit out of them Thursday and then have to face them in any round of your choice of the playoffs against a Brady who has gone so overboard in his vengeance-bloodlust that by week 14 he's wearing a necklace of severed ears (under the jersey, of course) and using his own blood as eye-black. At this advanced stage of locked-in mania that can only be self-induced by levying an unspeakable amount of death, suffering and despair upon your fellow man; Brady will just stand catatonic at the 50-yard line when not in possession of the ball, helmet on and eyes locked dead-forward to the invisible horizon in front of him, completely unaware and numb to any of the excitement happening right in front of him. He just..... *waits.* 

When it becomes time to revive his abomination, Belichick will appear to merely walk over and give his QB a measured bit of droll encouragement before he takes the field, but the people naive enough to be within earshot of Brady's immediate kill-radius have a fleeting moment of confusion when his words to Brady sound like a poorly tuned radio station that's bleeding into another station's signal. Nobody makes this comparison though since it's rare that a talk radio station's broadcast crosses signals between one station that broadcasts guttural insect sounds and another station that can only be described as someone shrieking slam poetry in an long-forgotten dead language. Besides the "more intense and focused" Brady, the only thing the fans and networks have noticed by this point is that every time after Belichick gives his brief "pep talk", Brady has this apparent weird "nervous tic" of having what appears to be a comically massive sneeze (to the amusement of millions nationwide) which starts with his eyes rolling back into his head and his mouth opening up to such a wide degree that it's almost as if his jaw is trying to tear itself off of his skull. The "sneeze" is made even more comically exaggerated as Brady seems to almost instantaneously bend backwards at the waist at a nearly 90-degree angle while what started out in Brady's distended jaw as a reasonably volumed "ahhh" one would have with a normal human sneeze has now crescendoed into an extended scream that would be better suited for someone suffering from being boiled alive instead of a high pollen count. The scream always climaxes with Brady's torso snapping forward 180 degrees as if his upper body was spring-loaded like a mousetrap. After a few weeks this comes off like a Laurel &amp; Hardy routine to the cameras as Belichick somehow *always* has a plush, high-absorbency towel in Patriots' throwback red at the ready about an inch where Brady's screaming face comes to a stop with a suddenness that gives even Roger Goodell pause about the possibility of a concussion. Belichick gives Brady a perfunctory pat on the back while the cameras instantaneously cut to a tight close-up of Bill's face as he issues a seemingly genuine smile of amusement. The entire fandom of the NFL is so enthralled by this rare sight of the infamously stoic coach week after week that it goes entirely unnoticed that Belichick is essentially running a draw play with the cameras in order to hand off the now blood-soaked towel to a nimble assistant who is already back in the locker room by the time the cameras cut over to Brady jogging to the line of scrimmage. 

I'd probably be less entertained if my team had that to look forward to though. 
