/u/maryjanesandbobbysox points out something that jumped out at me as well and I'm not sure you took it as intended.  (Correct me if I'm wrong MJ)  

To elaborate, [Gaslighting](http://outofthefog.website/top-100-trait-blog/2015/11/4/gaslighting) is an attempt to control you by making you believe that your thoughts, emotions and even memories aren't what you know them to be.  MJ is quite correct that it's nothing short of severe emotional and mental abuse and people who have suffered at the hands of a clinical Narcissist go through significant PTSD and CPTSD.   I won't try to tell you how you feel...I just think you may not be quite clear on the distinction.  

It can be a fine line sometimes but from my perspective what you're describing is frequently contradicting herself in regards to sex in order to keep from doing it.   Maddening and fighting dirty to be sure.  I don't want to make you feel like I'm just dismissing you and if there's more to it that's fine.  Check the link I gave you and see if the descriptions fit her more broad behavior.  



Gaslighting aside, she's clearly not working on the problem with you in good faith by dumping the onus of fostering desire entirely on you.    I think you need an objective third party in the form of a sex-positive therapist to help.   Be warned though.   If she indeed is engaging in systematically gaslighting you as I've described that means she's likely somewhere in the Cluster-B disorder arena.  Predominantly Narcissistic Personality Disorder.   An unaware and maybe less than conscientious therapist can often be bamboozled by a proficient narc and in fact it's their ability to appear so very normal and likeable to others that makes it difficult for someone under their control to gain any traction to get the problem addressed.  

And with a narc....going no contact is almost exclusively the only way the problem does, in fact, get addressed.   /r/narcissisticabuse and /r/raisedbynarcissists  are good resources right here in Reddit.  
