IMHO, the stigma is based on location (genitals) and the double standard makes no logical sense, but there is a societal expectation to disclose if you are aware of a genital infection, and there is not a societal expectation to disclose if you have an oral infection, aside from abstaining during active outbreaks. Additionally, there is limited awareness that most people with HSV1/HSV2 are unaware and therefore unable to disclose. Same deal with HPV which can have more significant health consequences. 

AFAIK, the medical community is not at fault for this, though there is a case to be made that antiviral marketing (genital herpes scary, cold sores no biggie) played a role. I've seen references in literature to indicate that the medical community's stance was that the ability to freely share affection through daily affection such as kissing is more important to quality of life than limiting the spread of oral herpes, but condoms are a reasonable accommodation to reduce transmission of genital herpes and STIs in general. It's not that one is scary and one is not, it is that one accommodation is perceived as more reasonable in terms of affecting overall quality of life. And it probably seemed more reasonable back when they thought herpes was only contagious during outbreaks and outbreaks were assumed to be obvious. But that doesn't mean the discrepancy in recommended preventive measures is interpreted that way by society, including many people who don't even realize cold sores are herpes and that an oral herpes infection can be transmitted to the genitals. 

There was a time when there was a push for people to use barriers for oral sex as well but I see less of that now, perhaps because most people just won't do it, even though a number of STIs, including HSV and HPV, can be transmitted that way. IMO, most people would rather remain ignorant of those risks or ignore them in order to experience the sensation of not using barriers for oral sex. I'm one of those people myself, so I hope I'm not coming off as judgmental about it. 

Personally, I don't buy into the stigma of genital herpes being much different from oral herpes (aside from the stigma, of course) but I disclose my HSV2+ status to partners and allow them to make their own choice about it. To my surprise, I've found most people are very accepting. 

It does make me angry that the double standard exists, and I feel for those who feel intense shame and pain and isolate themselves as a result. But I also accept it's the society we live in for now. I have a couple friends who have held onto anger for decades after contracting HSV (in one case GHSV1, in one case HSV2) from partners who said they were unaware and I'd like to think that if I ever pass it along, as difficult as it would be for that partner, it might be less difficult than being blindsided. 

The fact is, most sexually active people can transmit herpes to a partner in one way or another, and most people aren't aware of that fact, so my feeling that I must disclose does strike me as odd sometimes, but I've made a decision to do so and I've been pleasantly surprised by the outcome.  
 
