&gt; same as the "let's get some muscle" thug in Missouri.

Frustrated and stunted egoists, narcissists and megalomaniacs who simultaneously imagine themselves to be victims because the world doesn't bend to their entitled whims, or because they're brainwashed that they're historical victims (and are now opportunistically demanding personal reparations or vengeance for the alleged historical abuses) are the absolute worst abusers of power, because in their sick and stunted minds, everything they do is "justified" due to their "suffering" (the chosen-elect narcissist "suffers" when someone fails to lick their boots quickly enough).

And a lot of these feminist fanatics are either pathological narcissists with daddy issues, or they had some abusive male figure in their lives, and are now trying to get revenge through their power or their stooge "muscle."

It's interesting that Hillary's instincts when she had power over the amped-up mob were to incite it to follow the black dissident out to the parking lot and beat the shit out of him (and her sick shyster double-talk mind quickly came up with the Bolshevik-sounding euphemism "stage an intervention").

Mentally disturbed lefties of this ilk seem to view and cultivate the African-American underclass and other lower socioeconomic class minorities as their mindless muscle who should do their dirty work for them when directed. (Left-wing psychopath Stalin [actually went about](http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/stalin-s-half-man-half-ape-super-warriors-1-686693) trying to create a half-man, half-ape army to do his killing and fight his wars.)

This explains why the Dems have kept so many African-Americans on the welfare plantations for decades and done everything in their power to systematically dumb them down and generally create "a compliant and unaware citizenry" ([as one recent leaked Clinton campaign email put it](http://www.infowars.com/clinton-campaign-email-outlines-effort-to-produce-an-unaware-and-compliant-citizenry/)). 

Hillary really wanted her minions to beat the shit out of Trump, but he wasn't available, so she directed them to beat the shit of the "male chauvinist pig" at hand who was standing in her way (he's a male chauvinist pig for siding with the women who had been raped by her majesty's husband).

When this psychopath looks at any man, no doubt all the indignation that her sick husband has visited upon her, and pictures of any male who has challenged her holiness, flash through her mind in rapid succession.

She's actually going to enjoy sending thousands of male U.S. soldiers to the furnaces of the Mideast and possibly to their deaths or dismemberment, sadistic and narcissistic sociopath that she is. 
