That website is a joke. It pains me that people think this is 'good' journalism, and full of bombshells the 'mainstream media' won't cover. 

It reads like a website for edgy teenagers.


​
&gt;Number 6- Hillary's campaign wants "unaware" and "compliant" citizens


&gt;The Clinton campaign is literally conspiring to keep the population dumb and unaware (like sheep), and they admitted it! Very scary ‘1984’ level thinking. If Hillary is the right choice for president and the truth is on her side, wouldn't they encourage her supporters to research, like Trump tells his supporters?


They gather this conspiracy from an email some random person sent to John Podesta, and he's talking about how we as a society have been happy to allow political discourse to become so poor. I'll put the context for the claim below. The rest of the site is equally hilarious.

&gt;Dear John:    Well, we all thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money isn't all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we're off and running. JFK, Jr would be delighted by all this as his "George" magazine saw celebrity politics coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its time but now looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can she do to offset this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.

