&gt;Except that he didn't have proper classes at his "university". You can't be giving people an education if you have no academic program. Remember this is Federal student loan money he's stealing, he can't just run real estate seminars, charge the Feds thousands in student loans for those seminars, and call that "university education".

If the students think it's worth it, why not? The argument could be made that alot of the for profit colleges don't completely prepare people for work. Education only gets people so far. 

&gt; Given the incredibly blatant fraud by Trump, it's reasonable to assume those testimonials are frauds / bribed.

Or maybe most of the students just liked the program? Stop assuming the worst of people. 

&gt;Give a dollar amount to how much money Hillary has stolen from people. Taking a few shady campaign contributions is trivial. Literally every single politician in America has done this, including Trump, who took money from neo-Nazis.

How about the billions that her foundation took that was supposed to go to Haiti ? http://freebeacon.com/politics/haitians-protest-outside-hillary-clintons-office-over-billions-stolen-by-clinton-foundation/. Also, I said she was more corrupt. There are far more aspects to corruption than that. Yes, that includes taking funding from nations that funded ISIS but there's so much more than that. Having a public and private policy, paying people to incite violence at Trump rallies, failing to provide support for our troops in Benghazi, using a private email server to hide activity, then after being subpoena'd smashing the servers, then lying under oath saying she "doesn't recall" afterwards (unless she really is that forgetful, which might be a bigger problem) http://www.mediaite.com/election-2016/heres-all-40-times-hillary-clinton-told-the-fbi-she-couldnt-remember-something/ , asked about using executive privilege to cover up the emails, caught on audio saying she wanted to "determine who was going to win" the Palestine election, being in direct contact with department of justice during her investigation, getting the debate questions with Bernie Sanders in advance, rigging the primary against Sanders, laughing about getting someone she knew was a rapist off the hook, colluding with the media, constant record between her and Bill of putting in place policies that favor her big donors, Coordinating with SuperPACs.. The list goes on and on. She's the worst presidential candidate I've seen in my lifetime, that includes Trump. 

&gt;Cutting corporate taxes won't increase growth. There is no evidence whatsoever that cutting corporate taxes from 35% to 10% will increase growth. Especially given the fact that the effective corporate tax rate is 11%. He's talking (and lying) about cutting the rate to 10% and eliminating deductions, so an actual reduction of 1%.
His actual plan that he's lying about is to cut the corporate tax rate without eliminating the deductions effectively making the corporate tax rate a tax rebate, with the Feds giving corporations money.

Trump states he wants to reduce corporate tax to 15% (not 10%). Doesn't effective tax just mean the average tax rate paid?http://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/effectivetaxrate.asp eg. if it was 10% tax on income under $100, and 20% on taxes over that, and someone made $200, they'd pay $10 on the first $100, $20 on the second hundred, and and 15% effective tax. So effective tax rate should depend on the company (companies that make more have a higher rate). Where are you getting the 11% figure from, and how do you know he's lying about his plans to eliminate deductions?

&gt;What the USA needs is free college education. We need educated workers. Trump has said fuck all about education and the Republican party has been gutting American education for decades because they want stupid voters. Trump has actually bragged about how stupid his supporters are.

He simply was saying that he was ahead in the polls with many groups, also including the highly educated https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/02/24/donald-trump-loves-the-poorly-educated-and-just-about-everyone-else-in-nevada/

On the otherhand, it was revealed by wikileaks that Clinton administration official Bill Ivey said John Podesta that he wants to keep citizens unaware "And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging."


&gt;Let me make this clear: Trickle-down does not work ever. Supply side economics are a proven failure 100% of the time. "Chicago school", "free market", whatever you want to call this radical "eliminate all control and regulation on the rich and they'll shower us with money out of the goodness of their hearts" philosophy it's total bullshit cooked up by the John Birch Society. You are being lied to by rich people that want to get even richer.

Don't you think at some point if we taxed the wealthy too highly it would result in reduced revenue? Why not tax them at 100%? Why not 85%? Eventually they'd decide it wasn't worth it or take their business elsewhere. Alternatively, if our rate is low enough, it might bring in business from other nations. We just happen to disagree on what the rate to bring in the most revenue is.

I expect this will be a very unpopular opinion, but I'm not totally against the idea of the wealthy keeping more of the money they make. Governments goal should be to benefit people, including the wealthy, not just to take in the max amount of revenue possible. Trump's plan is already taxing them at a higher rate, which IMO is reasonable. They're paying what I'd consider a"fair share", they shouldn't have to pay all of it. 

&gt;"Americas greatest enemies love Trump" is hardly a ringing endorsement. Actual US allies like the UK, Germany, Israel, etc. don't like him.

Maybe they wouldn't have to be enemies with Trump in office. IMO the last thing we need right now is another repeat of the cold war. You don't think it's possible that these leaders have ulterior motives for voicing opposition to Trump? Maybe they realize that once Trump gets in he's going to put America before special interests and other countries.


