
&gt;‘But Hillary is better than Trump!’ says Michael Moore, who plans to vote for Hillary. This is like saying the Democrats, who undermined and rigged the whole election process and are corrupt to the core are somehow worthy of a vote. As Chris Hedges astutely pointed out in his book Death of the Liberal Class, there is no party that represents progressive values. There is no left. Indeed, there is no party on the right either. It has really become just one raucous party for the oligarchs.

&gt;In this election sponsored by transnational corporations and billionaires, no matter how independent politicians might appear in this staged democracy, they always come with strings attached. Trump is a phenomena created by the puppet masters behind the scenes, working on the emptiness at the core of American politics to prey on the vulnerable and those repeatedly betrayed by the system.

&gt;This can no longer be called speculation or wild imagination. WikiLeaks’ releases showed how the Clinton campaign conspires to “produce an unaware and compliant citizenry” with their strategy to elevate “Pied Piper” candidates like Trump as her primary ‘lesser evil’ leverage for winning. This is just the tip of the iceberg. Anybody who plans to vote for Hillary might want to do some due diligence by reading the summaries of the most revealing Podesta Emails.

&gt;What is unfolding now is a scourge against the American people and this election marks the end of this illusion of democracy. Former Black Panther and imprisoned journalist Mumia Abu-Jamal gives an astute analysis on the state of America. Calling it “the ultimate reality show”, he described how this U.S. Presidential election reflects “the fall of empire” and noted that “this is how democracies fall. History repeats itself, first time as tragedy, second time as farce.” Like the fall of the Roman Empire, these two faces on the ballot box remind us of plutocrats drunk with power who have their shaky inept hands close to the nuclear button.
