it goes beyond that. TPP / TTIP will be more horrible than the EU. 

It has been revealed that Hillary wants an unaware and compliant citizenry. There are plenty of indicators that if Hillary becomes elected we are heading towards a NWO with the Oligarchy creating an unaware and compliant citizenry by social engineering.
I'm not gonna go into detail but it basically works this way:

Keep middle class from growing, reduce quality of education and thus critical thinking, flood nation with migrants to keep wages low and establish the one party state (low income migrants from the middle east arent gonna vote for republicans).

Reduce freedom of speech (criticism is dismissed as racist and bigoted), by using academia to influence people and push a narrative (today's college neoliberals with their safe spaces and PC bullshit came from somewhere after all). 


Discourage people from accumulating wealth by raising taxes the more you earn and outsourcing manufactoring jobs.

Lower class keeps growing and growing. Feeding propaganda to lower class becomes easy since quality of education is reduced and unemployed / low income people are suckers when it comes to gov. benefits and "the rich have to pay their fair share" (higher taxes for rich and middle class to finance wellfare state).

The Clintons have been in power for three decades now. Bill's policies contributed greatly to 2008. Hillarycare is a failure. She destabilized the middle east and wants to increase immigration by 550%.



&gt;Give me just one generation of youth, and I'll transform the whole world.

― Vladimir Ilyich Lenin



&gt;The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next. 

―Abraham Lincoln



&gt;The best way to take control over a people and control them utterly is to take a little of their freedom at a time, to erode rights by a thousand tiny and almost imperceptible reductions. In this way, the people will not see those rights and freedoms being removed until past the point at which these changes cannot be reversed.

―Pat Miller




This is just my hypothesis on what's been happening since world politics have been really weird recently. I started digging after Ghaddafi happened. I am not saying that this is 100% confirmed. I am saying it is not unlikely that the globalist elite is trying to establish a NWO. Oligarchs trying to cement their reign is the natural consequence of capitalism as a goal instead of capitalism as a tool.
