Where have I said that Hillary Clinton murdered millions? You're projecting here. Hillary takes direct political advice from donors and her campaign took foreign donations. Both of these things are highly illegal. Have fun with your pitiful ignorance. This isn't a conspiracy theory because the emails are fucking there none of this is extrapolation or brainstorming. It's literally all written out in plain words.  
EDIT:
Here's a little helping of knowledge for you because I know you're willfully ignorant.  
"But If Everybody's Watching, You Know, All Of The Back Room Discussions And The Deals, You Know, Then People Get A Little Nervous, To Say The Least. So, You Need Both A Public And A Private Position" -Hillary Clinton in one of her $225k speeches to Wall Street executives.    

"And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging." -Podesta to Clinton's other campaign managers. This is how people like you are made.  
 
 ""Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA are already donating and raising.”
“I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?...Take the money!!”
“If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary's time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation.” -Clinton's campaign taking foreign donations. This is absolutely illegal. Thanks for your ignorance hopefully people like you will cease to exist soon (not die of course just inform themselves!)

