Donald Trump ran an effective campaign as an unapologetic [demagogue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demagogue). He leveraged his skills as an entertainer. All of the energy of the left-wing outrage machine could not stop him, because the left-wing outrage machine is precisely what fueled his rise. It provided Donald Trump with an endless source of free media exposure. I consider that to be the true brilliance of his campaign. Democrats have thrived off of self righteous indignation for years. No one could defeat the well organized left-wing outrage machine, not even Donald Trump. Instead, he instead harnessed it and rode it like a bucking bronco all the way to the White House.

He won because he used what had previously a strength of the left against itself. A part of the reason everyone is so worked up right now is because he worked everyone up, for his benefit and to their detriment, and people have become progressively more outraged as a defensive result. It created a vicious feedback loop that is still consuming people today, and most people remain  none the wiser, clinging to the very same outrage that empowered Donald Trump... as though it will suddenly accomplish anything meaningful here and now.

I find meaning and value in the words of Bill Ivey.

From /r/wikileaks [Podesta email 3599](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599):

&gt; From:bi

&gt; To: john.podesta

&gt; Date: 2016-03-13 17:06

&gt; Subject: From Bill Ivey


&gt; Dear John:

&gt; Well, we all thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money isn't all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats
and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we're off and running. JFK, Jr would be delighted by all this as his "George" magazine saw celebrity politics coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its
time but now looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump,
Kardashian mold; what can she do to offset this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.

&gt; Rubio's press conference yesterday AM was good and should be repeated in its entirety, not just in nibbles. I will attend the Clinton fundraiser here next week but as I can only afford the low level of participation may just get to wave without a "hello."

&gt; I fear we are all now trying to navigate a set of forces that cannot be simply explained or fully understood, so it is and will reamin interesting!

&gt; Sent with a handshake,

&gt; Bill
