You might want to inform yourself on what you were supporting with Hillary Clinton. Like, sit down with a large teapot and go and read one thousand random emails that were leaked from Podesta's mail account, and perhaps go look through the DNC leaks. With "random", I mean you should browse it yourself. If you use a curated guide collected by someone suspicious on the Internet, you might get the idea that things are cherry picked so can't know if things are presented skewed.

Perhaps skip the rest of this post as it has my opinion and that could change what you get yourself out of reading those mails.

The people there occasionally talk like Goebbels might have done. It's typically not that bad, but when I read and read and read those emails, the bad feelings started adding up. I got the impression they basically gave up on democracy. I mean quotes like this here (I googled "podesta emails electorate" to find this particular mail):

&gt; [...] And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking [...]

Shouldn't you want to work towards having everyone well informed? Doesn't democracy break down otherwise?

I got the impression they think about people as tools. There were things that made me think they'd like a lot of people being kept perpetually reliant on welfare, just to have a good amount of guaranteed votes. There were opinions where African-Americans were seen as hopeless in contrast to Indian-Americans or Jews, basically a genuinely racist view for how the world looks like instead of a socioeconomic reason (I didn't manage to find the email where I saw this).

I don't really want to think about it anymore. I didn't collect links when I looked through the emails so can't really show anything here. The vast majority of the emails was boring, so it took reading a lot to stumble on the suspicious ones.
