*I promised her... that i'd never use this against her...*



----



3 missed calls. Who was she with? 



Of course i'd fucked up. Caving into my desires was an impossible thing to avoid with a power like this! It really doesn't matter what i use it for, the only time i did was when it was beneficial for us. Maybe i used it once for another thing... But that's not the point. There's no mistake in this reasoning, there was only mistakes in a few choices i'd made; And i *get* that now. I couldn't help myself really, It's always an *exhilarating* experience. There's something about *shoving* somebodies consciousness aside and mentally *dominating* them.



But she never liked it.



She never understood.



She never had any pride, that *her* man was extraordinary.





Even when i would, *save* her with it. 



No policeman could write her a speeding ticket. Nobody could keep her from doing what she wanted, as long as she was with me! How could she give all of that up? Everthing i've *done* for her, which there are plenty of things she doesn't even know about.



Oh, i've let her know. She has a few voicemails waiting for her... She will hear my story in the morning...




Out of respect.... i'd kept quiet. But i can't go on without her knowing. 



*She... should know how i feel*



I begin to tear up, staring at my blindingly bright phone screen. There wouldn't ever be a reply. I was fooling myself.



But i'll be damned if she doesn't at least *think* of taking me back. The voicemails and texts had already made their way to her phone, i'm sure. Why should i respect her by leaving her alone if she doesn't respect my apologies? That bitch!



*She... should know.*




I'll close my eyes while i wait for her response, just for a moment..


-----


There it was, the ocean. A sapphire in a world made of quartz and fool's gold. This was where me and Bianca spent many weekends, against a palm tree, facing the unconquerable depths.



This had been a recurring dream of mine. With the mental fortitude i posses, it's fairly easy to access a memory if i want to. This was my comfortable setting, my place of meditation for the past few weeks. But right now, there was no Bianca beside me. It was... something that my mind couldn't recreate for some apparent reason. It could never be as great as the real thing.



But this dream, was *different*.



I could feel her presence, *somewhere*.



This time, i couldn't just sit here by myself. My mind had to focus on the true objective, the one that i wanted the most.



*Bianca*



I darted my way through the sand, unable to hold back the flash flood coming from my eyes. Maybe if i traveled far enough, she would be here. Maybe if i could change, she wouldn't hide.



*"Charley.."*



Where was it coming from? 



"Bianca?"



A soft and fragile hand grasps my shoulder from behind.



"Charley... I thought you'd at least respect me..."



Before i could turn around-



-----



I'm awake, and sweating *profusely*.




**The voicemails, the texts.** I had to do something about these things. 




She was right, i had promised to respect her decision.




*You're such an asshole, Charles*



The clock reads 3:52 AM, which means i'm basically sober at this point. My body has easily taken care of my night of drinking.



*How could i have been so careless?*



"Stupid."



There's no way she could be awake right now. 



I-I would have to make the jump, yes, to erase this drunken judgement of mine. I couldn't allow myself to interfere with her healing process, i.. just want her to be happy.



*But i also promised her, that i'd never use this ability.. on her*




I paused for a moment. Could i really do this? The moral pro's and con's in my head began to spin. A sigh broke loose from deep within me, it was lose-lose as far as keeping my word to her.



*That would explain the absence of an angel on my shoulder*



No, I could at least delete these things i'd said, and slip out of her body before her consciousness could notice. This was my decision.



*The process begins now*




"Tempero."



My mind's eye opens. A sea of silhouettes appear before me. 



Every human in existence is right here, now i must find her. I concentrate on her face in my mind. Her beautiful, raven colored hair. Her eyes, the purest hazel you could ever find, with a darker tinted brown hue. Her sultry, playful expressions. Her voice.



And i see her. The silhouettes dissappear, and it's just her. She's fast asleep in bed, holding onto her pillow tight, cuddling it. 



It seemed as if she was in a bad dream. Her face was calm, but her body seemed restless. It was as her body was frightened, yet her mind was unaware and ignorant of danger. This was it, i must go now. 



With my eyes still closed, i dive into her. Once again, i feel a powerful connection with her mind and body. My consciousness becomes distressed, because i truly missed this feeling. 



----



*This smell*



It was the smell of Bianca. The indescribable smell that individuals have cemented on them, Bianca's had always been the best. Somewhere in between the sweetness of cotton candy, and the tartness of apple pie. It was the only way i can begin to describe it, even though it smells nothing like these things. From this smell i know i'm truly at home.



*And to be honest, i'm relieved there's not another man here right now*



But, something felt odd.



I sat up in Bianca's bed, and fumbled for her phone, which was most likely resting on her nightstand charging. It was there, underneath a hand mirror.
I couldn't bring myself to look in that mirror, no matter how much i wanted to.


I click the home button, and sure enough, i see the notifications from me. 3 voicemails, 2 Texts.



I slide to unlock the phone, yet, i'm prompted for a passcode.



*Fuck*



"Let me think."



I try to put in her birthday. 3-17-94. Too many characters. It was a 4 digit code.



*If i were Bianca, what code would i use?*



1-6-94, It was just a wishful guess.




The phone unlocks, to my surprise, and torture. She was using the date of my birthday for her phone lock? 



I wanted to cry, but i held myself together. I had to complete this task, before Bianca's consciousness was alarmed. It was easy to do this to unsuspecting people, because they would never know who the second person in their head was; For Bianca, it would be a no-brainer, and she could never forgive me.



I froze.



I couldn't sense a second consciousness in this body. I could no longer feel a connection with Bianca.



*What the fuck?*



I begin to panic. What have i done? Did i erase her conscious? I have completely forgotten what i even came here to accomplish. At this moment, i could only think about the unknown. Bianca must be so terrified. 



The tears come streaming down my face. I bury my head in the pillow and begin to scream out of angst and frustration.



*Why am i such a fucking idi-*




My sorrow is interrupted by the familiar sound of Bianca's lame ass generic ringtone, suggesting she was getting a call.



*What now?!*



The caller ID said, "Charley"















