No because there is no way you can do that without violating the civil rights of citizens. I am a latino citizen and this freaks me the fuck out. This is insulting, illegal immigration isnt even a major fucking problem! Its been going down every year since 2008 and its at all time lows.

Plus there have been plenty of racist incidents reported in my region of the country, and I personally have had white people tell me shit at costco, looking at me saying "this is why we need a wall" so no their fear is not unwarranted. Try looking at it from a perspective besides your own.


Also this country has deported citizens of latino heritage before its not that crazy to think they would do it again.



Edit: thank you for some sanity, tbh from reddit these past couple months I got the feeling white people hate me. I really dont understand where all this anti illegal talk (which we all fucking know is a dogwhistle for anti latino and YES it is, dont look like an idiot trying to deny it, it just embarrasses you) comes from. I live in one of the most latino heavy areas of the US and we can even tell theres less illegal immigrants coming in. Mexico's economy is on the upswing. My dad came here illegally yes, hes been a citizen since the 70s and makes more than a dr even now. I am pretty sure he has contributed more to society and the US than many of the racist shit stains out there.

No I dont think all trump supporters are racist though they either are ok with racism or are unaware and ignorant of the many many forms racism can take.  I guess they simply dont care about my civil rights or the civil rights of people who look like me.

Yes I do think we need to do something about illegal immigration, at least securing the vulnerable parts of the border from smugglers etc. No deportation for 11 million is not feasible and you are a idiot if you support that. Everyday you smoke weed, speed, steal music and movies from the internet but you have the fucking gall to call people "illegals" for coming in to a country that pretty much has a big ass fucking sign over it saying "come here!" because of business. Everyone in the United States has broken the law at one time or another, no that doesnt mean we shouldnt have laws or border security but that doesnt mean you get to dehumanize people. Giving them a path to legalization is the only sane and pragmatic action that exists but that doesnt make you satisfy your overly emotional stance towards it. There are bigger fucking thieves in this country and they are at the top. You guys are focusing on the small fry.



Watch in 30-40 years theres going to be a Latino or Black Trump and white people will be shitting their pants when hes saying the same dogwhistle bullshit about white people. Yes I will vote against him, like I voted against Trump. Sorry for my rant, im high.


lol looks like i TRIGGERED a bunch of trumpers. I got tired of responding to each of your inane comments. Real examples of the failed education system in this country (that the republicans fucked over mind you)  so please spare me of your banality





Also I find it so hilarious that white people are so scared of mexicans....you know they are pretty much brown rednecks right? They love church, dont like to come into contact with institutions of power unless absolutely needed, love cops, are mostly law abiding, love buying big ass trucks for no reason, are EXTREMELY family centered, they kinda almost love white people sorta, believe in hard work (I mean you have to to immigrate) all this bullshit is just ensuring a brownlash will happen when they become the majority. Have fun morons, you mare making your own bed and you will bitch as you lie in it and will only have yourselves to blame.



