I’ll bite. I don’t have a sob story and I’m not impoverished, but the process has been mentally damaging.  

I essentially sleepwalked through my sheltered, suburban, upper middle class upbringing. I watched a lot of TV. I did the bare minimum to get good grades in school. I went to college because that’s just what you did. I was generally bored and unaware that there were even interesting questions to ask.

Fast forward to post college, I’ve got my degree in mechanical engineering and I’m working in “sustainable development” (hahahaha!) designing energy efficient buildings. The phrase “a cynic is nothing but a disappointed idealist” describes my awakening class consciousness and eventually my existential despair. Seeing one too many projects get gutted because “sustainability just isn’t in the budget” was absolutely crushing. Whether by nature or by education, I have a tendency to question assumptions and started piling up the library books in search of answers. What I came to realize is that the problems we face are not technical, they are social, political, moral, and economic. Our systems and institutions are fundamentally flawed. We debate the merits of this or that construction technique without noticing that we’ve placed our buildings foundation in a swamp. Facing up to this fact is too scary so we double down and declare that by building higher we can improve the foundation. There are no cosmetic renovations that can repair structural flaws, the whole thing needs to be rebuilt. 

Running parallel to this process was an increasing awareness of our environmental predicament; climate change, ecosystem destruction, loss of biodiversity, population pressure, carrying capacity, resource shortages, etc., and the fact that our growth based economy is essentially one giant Ponzi scheme. Our institutions are completely incapable of dealing with these issues and we’ve come to mistake more of the poison for the cure. I don’t think this will end well, my guess is that the entire thing will fall apart before most people will let go of their ideologies. I now have existential depression, chronic boredom, and a complete lack of interest in things I used to care about and a revulsion that people I know still care about them. This particular rabbit hole isn’t for everyone, I can see why people avoid asking questions.

