First of all I want to thank you for the kind of reply you wrote and your genuine interest in understanding.

Also I want to say that I didn't thought your intention was at all discriminatory, quite the opposite actually.

You see, the point is related to how we express ourselves (even how we think, as that is language based). Most languages tend to be sexist and discriminatory by themselves. Same happens to many of the expressions (and behaviours) we use in a daily basis. The real problem that most people don't realize or see as something important to take into account happens and works at the psychological and subconcious level. It is not really related to the intention put in the words (or actions) but on the words/expressions themselves and both the implications they have and where and how those expressions originated. And we use this way of thinking, words, expressions, actions,etc in our daily basis without realize they actually have origins, implications or both that actually are discriminatory and subconciously keep maintaining that discrimination. But as it is not our intention we don't identify or see them as such, we just assume they are just something normal, to the point of even thinking it is stupid or a nonsense to believe they would have those implications.

About what you said specifically is pretty much what /u/Hittheginger comment say. Not intentionally of course, but it actually has those unintentional implications, and show the subconscious psychological thing I was talking about. Using the examples you said, there is no need or reason to state "the grass is green" or "the sky is blue". No matter the context, that is something that simply is not needed to be said or explained, it just is. So why then we still think that kind of thing is something needed to be said or explained regarding certain topics ? Well, that's because a discrimination regarding that subject certainly exist that makes us feel it must be said, and even while our intention is to use it to defend the subject of that discrimination, we are actually in an unaware and unconcscious way also contributing to keep it. After all, you just don't have to defend the sky is blue or the grass is green, right ? In a sense it can be very related to what is called "positive discrimination".

And well, if you want a more or less related example, you can use how the main male character of the anime Fate Stay Night Unlimited Blade Works treats and thinks he must be the one defending female characters (when clearly they are way stronger and more capable to defend themselves and him than he is). He has all the good intentions but still what he is doing actually (in an unaware unconscious way) is totally discriminating women and keeping a discriminating sexist role and behaviour. (If you haven't seen this specific anime I am sure you can get the picture from any other anime, tv show, book, movie, whatever you have seen).

This is more or less the same, but more related to language expression than physical behaviour and more..... let's say..... I don't know, subtle I guess.
