A good saying to keep in mind for situations like this: "If something seems too good to be true, then it probably is."

I've gone through a few of these and so far we are 0/3 on holding any scandal water.  Ill run the numbers for you on one of these so you can see what I'm talking about.

Claim: Hillary's campaign wants "unaware" and "compliant" citizens

Evidence: An email to John from Bill 

&gt; And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.
​

Sounds awful doesn't it?  Well of course it does because its been intentionally removed from its context to deceive you.

Here is the full quote: 

&gt; Well, we all thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money isn't all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we're off and running. JFK, Jr would be delighted by all this as his "George" magazine saw celebrity politics coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its time but now looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can she do to offset this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.

Now if you are going to read that and conclude that Hillary's campaign wants unaware citizens, you are failing at reading comprehension.  In fact the opposite is true.  The author of this email is lamenting the loss of civics classes, the demeaning of government, and the unawareness of the modern American electorate because he thinks it will hurt Clinton's chances in the general election, which it did. 

Likewise the talk about a "compliant" citizenry is nothing more than our captain obvious noticing that this has been a very heated campaign, and many people have become politically energized, and radicalized.  It is only sane to worry about how this energy is being expressed on the right with the resurgence of white nationalism and white supremacy.  

This email is not talking about the relatively short history of the Clinton Campaign, but instead worries about broad political trends that have been decades in the making, and how these are working against Hillary.  They apparently understand that Hillary's policy wonkishness is not going to resonate when compared to Trump's entertainment politics.  They know exactly the game Trump is playing. 

The other claims I read from your link collapsed in a similar fashion upon reading the actual emails.  Many of the worst quotes were not even from the emails but actually pulled from YouTube videos of questionable veracity.

Anyways, I noticed you avoided answering my question.
