Allegedly. Julian Assange swears their source was a whistleblower from within the DNC. I've trusted Assange for nearly a decade, when they first blew the lid on the CIA torture camps in Iraq, and so far they've had a perfect record on accuracy. I have no reason to distrust Assange at this point, and even if I did, it's a more plausible story than Russia hacking the DNC and leaking the info to Wikileaks. 

If Russia does have info on the inner workings of the American Government (supposedly getting it from a phishing scam, because Podesta and others are technologically retarded ((seriously, who uses p@ssw0rd as a password?)) ), then its more than likely that China, Iran, name an enemy, they probably have that info too. And finally, if I worked in the DNC, saw what was happening behind the scenes, and had any integrity left, I'd have exposed the corruption as well.

&gt; What you're ignoring is that a foreign state intervened, for a purpose.

If they did, it was probably to avoid a War. Let them have Syria, let Assad and Russia kick ISIS in the teeth, end the fucking proxy war and let the Syrian people have some peace so they can start rebuilding their Country. It's the only humane way to move forward.

As far as Russia is concerned, they are protecting their ally in Assad. If Poland or Germany was attacked, we'd defend them too. But going full McCarthy on a Country with one of the largest Nuclear stockpiles in the world is about the stupidest thing we could ever do.

Finally, I'll just leave this email here because this sends shivers down my spine every time I read it. Absolutely disgusting:

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599

&gt;And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.
