Nice post, I agree there are many similarities between Flagg and Gaunt.  I think there is a possibility they are the same sort of being, but in my opinion they aren't the same "person".  We know Flagg started off as a mortal man, became a sorcerer, and eventually transcended his humanity to become something more "demonic".  Gaunt, in comparison, seems to be implied to have been "born" a demon, although his function is fairly similar to Flagg's (and Linoge's), and we don't know if Gaunt had been a human at some point in the past (possible but seems unlikely).  We do get a few flashbacks from Gaunt's perspective of him as a evil peddler in ancient times, but I don't remember any suggestion that he was a human originally like Walter Padick, although I cant specifically rule it out.  He does sort of posture and act like he is the Devil himself, but that is probably just typical demonic deceitful smugness. 

It's extremely probable that Gaunt is also in the service of the "Outer Dark" like Flagg, although it's hard to say whether he is officially in the "employ" of the Red, it's possible he is a leftover being of Todash or Prim, a demon along the lines of IT or Tak or Munshun etc.  I tend to believe he is in the same "line of work" as Flagg, though, with so many levels of the Tower, it takes more than one agent to sow discord and break reality. Andre Linoge is probably another "coworker". Linoge has the whole "legion" thing going on too, which has been attributed to Flagg and Maerlyn as well. We know linoge takes "apprentices" so perhaps he trains humans to become beings like himself to work for the King, maybe he even taught Flagg some tricks sometime over the thousands of years of his career.

 Pennywise also did the "I am legion" routine in the drain, with the dead kid's voices.  Pennywise doesn't work for and isn't even aware of the Crimson King, though, and seems a lot more powerful (but lazier) than demons that do, such as Mr Munshun.  It may even be inadvertently harming the cause of the Crimson King, by occasionally eating psychic kids that could otherwise be breaking beams. Derry is a special case in the macroverse though, the whole town seems to be a thinny or otherwise especially cursed by IT's impact, and the King is known to be aware of Pennywise even if the reverse isn't true.  Tak is another unaffiliated loose cannon in my opinion, though less powerful. With his need for a host body he seems to be more similar to Munshun than anything else, though a lot less stable in its ability to manifest, though I'm not sure if this indicates more power or less. 

So I'd say, out of the major demonic antagonists in the macroverse, Flagg, Linoge, Gaunt, and Munshun are on the same side, with Flagg as the King's highest ranking servant, who has his own agenda of betrayal. Pennywise is unaffiliated and generally unaware and uninterested in anything but feeding and dreaming (Pennywise in IT's own thoughts honestly believed ITself to be the only god in the universe besides the Turtle).  Demons like Tak are probably just "wild demons" of Todash who wreak havoc if they get the chance, but aren't actually working for or controlled by the Red formally. He and the other random monsters that show up in King stories mostly serve the cause of the Red anyway, inadvertently, just by causing harm to the White and sowing Discord, but most are not actually part of the faction in my opinion.   
