&gt; He took a photo of a classified propulsion system... you honestly don't see the difference between writing down words to communicate vs taking a picture of an actually classified technology?

Writing down classified information to communicate? No, there is zero difference. A photo is no more special than an email. Both were classified the moment they came into existence. His, because the photo contained details of a classified piece of technology. Hillary's because it contained details of top secret programs. 

&gt;And concluded that after talking with Clinton there was no reason to think she would have considered it classified. Like I said, it was an interagency disagreement

Specifically Comey stated that she was so ignorant and unaware that he would have had to proceed on a gross negligence charge. The only difference between the Submariner and Hillary was that the Submariner was believed to be competent. 

&gt;Not if the investigation is closed

Even then, because closing the investigation is not a step and it is not relevant to the courts.

&gt;No she couldn't... that would be "illegal" in the eyes of Comey

No, the internal network, not the state department public email network, but the secure terminal inside Hillary's office which she refused to use, would have been perfectly acceptable for her to have this conversation on. Seriously, did you read nothing except the campaign notes from Hillary's team? 

&gt;If that email is discovered per FOIA requests, then yes that is the definition of retroactive classification.

So now you think that classification is a matter of how it was discovered? Discovery doesn't change classification. What matters for classification is whether classified materials were used in its creation. Which Hillary did. 

&gt;You're talk about "classified at the time" is irrelevant to the discussion of retroactive classification. It just means the process in how something was declared classified. 

No, it means that it contained information which at the time of its writing was classified.

For example, Hillary wrote about a top secret program, lets say the drone strike program. Hillary knows that the drone strike program is top secret. Hillary uses the information she knows about it and writes that up in an email. That email is considered top secret *as she is writing it*

&gt;That's what retroactive classification is. All it means is that it was an email that was self created (not a sent document) and that in an FOIA request the content was deemed classified. That's all it is. You're talk about "classified at the time" is irrelevant to the discussion of retroactive classification. It just means the process in how something was declared classified. And No one has EVER been charged with a crime for a retroactively classified email. It'd be one thing to suggest that people should, but to say that this was a justified investigation where we knew full well no one has ever been charged with a crime for such a circumstance just made it clear that this was 100% political. Then we find out that the FBI is Trumplandia, throwing into question whether any of these emails truly were "classified at the time".

All of this applies to the selfie taken in the reactor room. It's self created, it relates to a classified piece of intelligence, it was transmitted outside of the classified network. 

&gt;ITS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE.

Except it has, it was being done at the exact time that Hillary was being prosecuted, the only difference was that Hillary was more convincing in her stupidity and ignorance. 
