Well, ok

&gt;2 Timothy 2:1-5
2Ti 3:1  This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. 
2Ti 3:2  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, 
2Ti 3:3  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, 
2Ti 3:4  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; 
2Ti 3:5  Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.


&gt;Fred Sampson talks about the years that he was living in Louisville, Ky.  He was a nature lover and enjoyed looking at the trees and flowers along the road.  Just across the street from him a neighbor had a beautiful tree.  Its branches went spiraling upward to the sky and lifted its limbs to received the birds that were building their nests.  Some days he would just stand on the corner and look at that beautiful tree.  There was a fence around the neighbors yard and a locked iron gate in the front.  To further protect his house the neighbor had a barking dog in the yard.  Samson wrote, “Poems are made by fools like me, but only God can make a tree."

&gt;As he was coming home one day Sampson noticed that there was something wrong.  The gate to the neighbor’s yard was opened and the owner had chained the dog to a post.  There in the yard some men from the city were cutting down his beautiful tree.  Sampson was really concerned and walked over to the men.  He recognized  one of the workers and said to him, “Why are you cutting down that beautiful tree? Is something wrong?  If you had to cut one down why not that ugly one across the fence.”  Right on the other side of that fence was a scraggly tree with no real beauty to it.  It might have been doing a favor to cut that one down but not the beautiful one.  There must be something wrong!

&gt;The worker said to him, “Doc, come over here.”  So he went into the yard following the man.  Already parts of the lovely tree had been cut and now they were cutting through the heart of it.  As they got to the base of the tree the man told him to look inside.  There was something wrong. The whole heart of the tree was infested with termites.  The outside still looked fine; the bark was intact; the limbs were majestic; the leaves were green.  But the core was providing food and shelter for an infestation of termites.  The termites had gone right through the fence; the gate had been no obstacle, and the dog was unnoticed.  Now because the core of the tree was missing, the tree endangered  those living in the house and anyone walking on the sidewalk.  Yes, there was something wrong. So the workers were called in to cut it down.

&gt;There is a lesson here for us as Christians.  Despite the protections built around us the enemy can enter and destroy us.  When we are unaware and complacent the enemy can cause something to be desperately wrong.
Today I am going to ask every one of us to look inside and see if there is something desperately wrong inside. 

&gt;I would suggest that there is something wrong:

 

&gt;I. When you fail to remember the blessings of God.

&gt;I love the 103rd Psalm.  David says:
Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. 2  Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

&gt;He starts out praising God and then he names them one after another.  The other day I was talking with a friend and he was saying that we should be praising God continually because of all he has given.  And I agree.  We should praise God for life – and every one of us here today has that.  And even if you don’t have life – praise God that you are on your way to heaven.  Thank God for your family, for your church, for your salvation – in everything give thanks to the Lord.  Have you been taking God’s blessings for granted?  Cultivate an attitude of praise for every good thing that God gives to you.

&gt;And I think it right . . . to stir you up by putting you in remembrance.2 Pet. 1:13

&gt;“As I came from the schoolhouse with my sugar-rationing book, my mind traveled back over the years to scenes of childhood. As a small girl it was my task to help Mother wash the dishes. Standing on a stool, I did my best, but there was one cup that I pushed back and washed last because there was always sugar in the bottom which I must rinse out.
 Mother was concerned because of the waste. I can still hear her say, very tactfully, to an aged uncle who lived with us, as he reached for the third spoonful of sugar, “Perhaps, Uncle John, if you would stir up the first spoonful, you would not need the other two.” Her suggestion was heeded—until the next meal.

&gt;I have found that the same is true about many things in life. We do not need more blessings so much as we need to appreciate the sweetness of the blessings which we now have. By stirring up our memories, we get new sweetness from lovely music we have heard, good poetry, helpful sermons, expressions of kindness, beautiful scenery, and, of course, best of all—God’s precious Word, which is “sweeter than honey and the honeycomb.” Ada Marie HILLIS.

&gt;I would suggest that there is something wrong:

 

&gt;II.  When you are serving God because of duty and not love.

&gt;That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God. Col. 1:10  When you are doing something for duty you do the bare minimum – just enough to get by.  But to act from love you ask, “How much can I do, and how much can I give? 

&gt;One sign that there is something wrong is in our lack of attendance.  I believe that we have experienced some spiritual slippage in our attendance.  I can remember years ago as pastor, that most people came to both services on Sunday.  I was surprised when I came back that that was not the case anymore.  Perhaps at that time the church was still new and there was a sense of joy and commitment about making sure our church prospered.  Everyone knows that when several people miss a service of church that the spirit goes down for everyone and there is something wrong.  Right now it’s a good thing we don’t vote often because we would not have a quorum.  I can also remember when church folks tried not to be away for more than one or two weeks in a row, because they wanted to support the church and knew they would be missed.

Etc...

            
