Quit stroking your badly bruised ego for 10 seconds and realize why you got curb stomped in the election. Democrats nominated one of the worst possible candidates who was destined to fail from the beginning. Hillary Clinton was a boring and uninspiring corrupt politician who represented a failed establishment that has utterly lost touch with the average American worker. Hillary Clinton was the Jeb Bush of the Democratic party and no amount of turd-polishing done by the MSM could have saved her. Your holier-than-thou attitude of "Everyone who disagrees with me politically is an evil, racist nazi bigot. They only voted for Trump to make poor innocent libruls cry tears hurr hurr" is a total misinterpretation of the Trump coalition. We are people who just want what is best for our country, and what is best for our fellow Americans. We are your neighbors, friends, churchgoers, doctors, lawyers, policemen, military, and we all love this country so much that we would sacrifice our lives to protect it. I could adopt your approach and make sweeping generalizations about stereotypical Hillary Clinton voters, but it would not do even the slighest bit of good and would benefit nobody at all.

As to this meme of "Muh Russians rigged the election";


This is a totally fake news story created by the Washington Post and spread by other MSM outlets. There is absolutely no evidence whatsoever to back this claim. I have read the original story from the Washington Post and their "source" was "Anonymous US officials from the CIA".






There is far more evidence that show the DNC emails were leaked by a whistleblower one Seth Rich, a former staffer for the DNC.

As to the actual contents of the emails revealed by WikiLeaks, the Democratic Party's real intentions for America were revealed, and it is pure evil. 


"And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging."


https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599









If you really care about learning the facts, see them for yourself.  http://www.mostdamagingwikileaks.com/
