That's good though. I'm happy that he's still able to get under people's skin. He was *never* perfectly received.

The people who think his content (his older stuff) was amazingly received by critics and audiences are either ignorant or too young to actually remember anything. 

MMLP and SSLP (especially SSLP) were railed by many critics. Not just for being controversial, but for "trying to hard" and just about everything that modern Eminem is being criticized for now. 

His goal was to always be this niche target that gets sprung to popularity by rebellious kids and penetrate radio with bars and offensive lines. That's kind of the point. If he doesn't succeed at that then he doesn't succeed at being himself.

This reason alone is why I find something like Recovery a bit hard to stomach as a major fan of him. Yes there are some fun and good tracks on there, but for the most part he plays it so safe due to the backlash that Relapse recieved...

Which is so ironic because Relapse is now praised, especially by this Subreddit. You see the same stupid comment every time I'm on an Eminem post; "Relapse was a masterpiece apart from the accents!" 

Yet I guarantee that these people would be the same ones that ragged on it for being different than what he's done before back when it came out. Why? Because people hate change. Period. It takes years for Eminem's music to grow on people because he's very "in the moment." Once you look back on it it always feels very reflective. He even talks about this on many of his songs. 

I'm even starting to see a lot of MMLP2 praise on this subreddit, which is so hilarious to me. It's just people being ignorant and unaware. That being said, I feel like the only two albums in his entire Discog that haven't been honest with his personality were Recovery and Encore. Every other album had him grow. Even Recovery, which may sound contradictory, had him grow as a musician, but wasn't necessarily honest with who he is as one. 

__________

I'm not saying you have to like Eminem. Hell, you don't even have to like his music. I personally don't care. What really bugs me, though, is when people dismiss your opinions just because they are different. In anything. The worst part is that their arguments against Eminem are often very shallow and misinformed.

You can hate his now flow (trust me, I totally get not enjoying a rappers flow, even though I do enjoy his new flow), but you can't say it is objectively off beat. You can also hate how corny he is, as he makes a lot of Dad jokes and very tongue in cheek bars. You can also hate how edgy he is. Etc. 

But I will argue against it for the same reason I'd argue for any other artist I enjoy. If you talk shit about RTJ i'll come at you I swear! And I just *recently* got into RTJ too. 

The point is, lets not judge people on the music they enjoy. Lets hear them out. If you disagree with me, please tell me why, instead of just dismissing me, or anyone else, as some lesser listener just because their opinion is different. Like, you can love trap music and the less understandable a rapper is the better for you, that's great. I'll argue with you for sure. But I'll never say you are objectively less of a fan than I am. 
