Are you looking for advice on how to avoid being creepy? 

If this helps clear things up, most women consider "creepy" to mean "boundary pushing". For example, I'm creeped out by men that seem angry, resentful, or overly aggressive. I'm creeped out by men who ignore my refusal of their sexual advances. Even if it's only online, ignoring my personal boundaries like that indicates that they may ignore more important boundaries latter on (like consent). 

I'm also creeped out by men who bring up sex in inappropriate situations (work, on the street) since it suggests they are willing to disregard the social context to get what they want. The social context is a mutually agreed upon set of rules for how people should act. Ignoring it is pushing the boundaries of the group, which matters for the reason I mentioned above. 

Now this can be tricky for a socially awkward person to navigate. After all, they might ignore the social context because they are awkward and unaware and not because they have bad intentions. They might also miss a subtle refusal (like not responding to texts), and  continue to contact the person. The thing is, there is no way for me to tell if a person acting that way is harmless or dangerous, so I tend to think that everyone who acts that way is "creepy". 

I think the best way to avoid being creepy is to constantly look for feedback from the woman. For example, say a woman agrees to go on a date with you. While you guys are talking, check to see if she's smiling at you, playing with her hair/clothes, licking her lips, etc. 
That would mean she like's what you've done so far and you should try the next step, something like moving closer to her, touching her hand, putting your arm around her, touching her foot with your foot, etc. If she responds positively (leaning against you, smiling genuinely, etc) then it isn't creepy. If she responds negatively (moving away from you, frowning/looking uncomfortable), and you back off (as in stop touching her, physically back away from her), then it still isn't creepy. It would only be creepy if she responds negatively and you keep pushing. 

Same thing with online. Say you're messaging someone from OKC or Tinder or w/e. Is she messaging you back, hinting at making plans, complementing you, etc? Then you might want to ask for her phone # or try to schedule a date to meet in person. If she says yes then it isn't creepy. If she says no and you let it go then it isn't creepy. It would only be creepy if you get angry or demand an explanation or keep bothering her about it. 

Of course, just because you aren't creepy doesn't mean the woman will like you. You can be perfectly non-creepy and still have her be not physically attracted to you or dislike your personality. Can't please everyone after all. 
