My theory is that modernity and globalism have taketh away.

If you look back at nationalist countries, like nazi germany perhaps - you'll see that the people felt like they had ideas - something to live for. The collective citizenry believed their culture and economy were something to drive into greatness.

Even in America, we had all sorts of things. For example, the space race, among many other examples.

Ernst Juenger, for example, predicted the devolution of human intelligence in his late 1977 novel Eumeswil. Essentially all the proles in Eumeswil have what is called a "Phonophore" (aka iPhone) which, depending on your social status, decides what infomation you do and don't have. Grammar is taught to only elites. Language declines. Art, poetry, and real discussion no longer exist. Although individualism (what were seeing now) is what got everyone here, individualism no longer exists because the retardation of intelligence has created an enviroment when a question is asked - everyone answers in a "swarm". This is much of what you see today. CNN controlling narrative. What stories you do and don't see. Hell - the majority of people now get their news from Snapchat and Facebook. The more you read this book the more you realize that Juenger was a prophetic thinker.

Why haven't you heard of this book, perhaps? This author? 

Why were you so busy reading the same book (caged bird, mockingbird, huckleberry fin, etc) over and over in high school,  instead of something valuable with opposing view points? You know why.

Anyway, this book has given me a new perspective on life. The main character in the book considers himself an "anarch" (A unique term played off the obvious "anarchist"). there are many quotes in the book that are very unique regarding the character and his self realizations as an "anarch". Some of my favorites is:

"A basic theme for the anarch is how man, left to his own devices, can defy superior force - whether state, society or the elements - by making use of their rules without submitting to them"

Why do people who leave nothing unchallenged still make demands of their own? They live off the fact that gods, father's, and poets used to exist. The essence of words has been diluted into empty titles. "

"Motion seeks to transform facts into opinion, then into conviction; and anyone hewing to the facts themselves is shown at an adverse light. This is quite possible in a faculty where after every overthrow: world history is to be rewritten for the sake of the moment." 

the sooner is realized this, the easier life has become for me. I've realized that we are controlled to the highest degree, and the elites are here to suppress us. You can tell by evidence such as 

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599

&gt; And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging. 

The main point of this book is that resistance is futile. Regimes will come and go, Humans will naturally cycle thru various stages of civilization. Unfortunately, we're stuck in a particularly postmodern phase of the human condition. Many, if not most of us have nothing to reallly live for, because all emphesis has been placed on the individual, and any form of nationalism is triumphed by individualism and identity politics (tribalism). We're just one big global swarm. 

Absolute individualism is bad because more people today (and throughout history) are too fucking stupid to operate. I'm not trying to be pretentious, I'm simply looking at overall intelligence as a whole. That's why nationalism isn't half bad - because everyone can in some way help propel their country to the next stage.

I'm not particularly sad nor happy. I've simply accepted the current structure and, as an anarch, am now a neutral observer to it all. 
