No, and I also think that misses what our primary concern is here, I think it is highly unlikely that anyone is actually an agent of the Russian government. 

What I think is possible, is that there may have been some sort of agreement or understanding between one or more campaign officials and the Russian government. 

For example, in September of 2015, Donald Trump did a video conference with business leaders in Kiev, he basically called Obama a wimp, said we needed to have a stronger response to Russia's incursion in eastern Ukraine, and stated we needed to arm rebels.

By June or July of 2016, Donald Trump instructed members of his campaign to change RNC platform language to do the opposite of that. And by August of 2016, he was suggesting that we seek better relations with Russia, recognize the annexation of Crimea, and ease sanctions. 

Candidates change policy positions all the time, that certainly happens. But there are several other things that took place during that time - one, he took on Paul Manafort to run his campaign. Paul Manafort also brought in people like Carter Page and Michael Flynn. We know that Paul Manafort engaged in off-the books lobbying on behalf of Ukraines Pro-Russian puppet government, and that he has financial ties to Ukraine and Russia.

Let's assume Trump is completely and one hundred percent innocent. But what if Paul Manafort had a conversation with someone and said, "you scratch our back and we'll scratch yours," or "if you take action to help us, we will push for an easing of sanctions?" Paul Manafort, an influential advisor says, "you know what, Donald, I think you ought to reconsider your position on Ukraine," and Trump says, you know what, you are right! And as a result, Paul Manafort pushes changes to the RNC platform. Russia is so happy with these changes, they decide, you know what, we better help this guy win. And presto, the DNC leaks and Podesta emails start flowing, the propaganda aparatus turns on.

Even if Trump is entirely unaware and innocent, in the situation I described above, Paul Manafort had committed a variety of incredibly serious crimes.

And look, maybe it wasn't even someone as important as Paul Manafort, there are a handful of lower level employees we know were involved in the shift on Russian and Ukrainian policy, like Cohen, and Page. Perhaps one of them came to an understanding.

Alternatively, what if Russia blackmailed any one of those people? There are dozens of people who could have pushed for these pro-Russian changes. Forget the crazy sex tape claims about Trump. That's almost certainly fake. But plenty of people have sex tapes, plenty of people have drug addictions or gambling problems, or have done questionable or illegal things. What if Russia had blackmail on any single member of the Trump campaign and pressured them to seek those changes. What if that person is now a government employee? We need to know that.


