Ah, screw it, I'll fill you in. I did some research and figured I'd post this here to help other people if they get called into an interview. You're right about the MLM. Fuck these guys.

It seemed like they were just collecting resumes. At one point while I was waiting to interview, a woman came out and yelled at the secretary because she hadn't called in enough people to interview that month, and she hadn't worked through scanning resumes as fast as she could. It was bizarre. And was exactly what they were doing.

My interview was essentially meaningless, with whom I assumed (and was) was the owner, and who seemed to be both pensive and unaware that he was not, in fact, intimidating. He also had an Xbox hooked up in the room, and empty coffee cups and shit all around. So yes, despite his suit, I knew I wasn't exactly dealing with a professional operation. But hey, I'm hard up for cash and willing to do most anything. He was a bit brief, and angry, and told me at one point that their owner (who was actually him, as I discovered) had lived in the UK like I did. This was a lie, and a pretty meaningless one at that. Then, after about fifteen minutes, he escorted me out.

Fairly shortly after making this post I decided to play investigator and find these guys through their crummy Facebook page. The owner and his brother (or maybe relative) run the place... they both went to college in Georgia, and moved to Baltimore afterward. It was around this time that they founded a company called Red Crown, Inc. The website's text is identical. Glassdoor's reviews are a nice mixture of five and one star reviews. The one star reviews detail how new recruits dress up in a suit and tie, drive to dangerous parts of the city, and attempt to sell over-priced, poorly working cellphones. Naturally, no gas coverage, no hourly pay, no health insurance. And, I'd wager you have to invest in the product in some fashion. 

Additionally, the owner (who stressed the importance of staying up to date on social media) hasn't indicated that he's moved to Houston. My guess? He's setting up shop around the US to make a tidy profit. But you were right, it's essentially a pyramid scheme. And now one that seems operate across state lines.

Anyway, I enjoyed my detective work. I'm going to contact the Better Business Bureau tomorrow and see what they think; I hate guys like this. They take advantage of people desperate for work and then throw them into more debt. Scum. I know the legality of this stuff is up in the air... sometimes they're investigated or charged, sometimes not. I have no idea how Texas handles it. But hey, couldn't hurt.
