&gt;My mother died from cancer complications in medicare funded hospice

I'm sorry for your loss, friend. Genuinely. Before you read anything more, if you need to talk, let me know, because I'm here for you.

I work in this field, and it hurts me to say, I see SO MUCH of this in my line of work. People don't realize how much benefit they get from the state, and how it supports their life until it's literally to late. I have seen so many people go lib at the end of their life because they realize exactly what people like you and I have been talking about for years, and why we've been saying it--WE WANT YOU TO BE TAKEN CARE OF WHEN YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING FOR YOURSELF. IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT, WE JUST KNOW YOU'RE HUMAN AND WE LOVE YOU EVEN THOUGH WE DON'T KNOW YOU.

Part of me wants to say that you should stop forgiving them, but that's just so anti-us. It's always about compassion and love. And I think that's the part that's hardest. Admitting that our loved ones don't see the love and compassion until they're literally unable to care for themselves. And at that point it doesn't matter anymore, because they're too far gone to understand love as we know it. My great grandpa will never vote for his own self interest because even though he literally doesn't know where he is, he supports republican because he has his whole life and his ability to understand cause and effect is completely gone to dementia. He literally can't drive. He can't get out of his bed on his own.

But it's his right to vote, and he voted Trump. As a result, he will probably die this year--and without people like me helping him to be comfortable. That makes me so fucking angry I can't even stand it. I can't stand that Grandpa Joe will probably be cared for at an incredibly low level of care, and will be scared and unaware that his wife is dead, and will never understand that someone is there for him, because THAT'S WHAT HE CAN PAY FOR. But that's the world I live in.

The family cares. They want their loved one cared for. But me? I'm not made of money. My choices are as follows: 

1. Be broke as shit, but know I'm caring for your loved ones the way they want to be treated.

2. Don't be broke as shit. Rely on the government to pay, because babyboomers didn't give a shit about their insurance. Take care of them anyway, because your grandma and grandpa deserve to be taken care of for their contributions, even if they didn't save up a million dollars before they retired.

But welcome to Republican Land, people. They don't give a shit. And soon, why should I?
