Introduction
The Way We Are



We are a generation of Gamers. We use technology to dull the past and lull ourselves into a state of complacency. We believe that virtual knowledge can substitute for living experience. In all, we are wrong. For we are meant to become.
It is our overuse of technology  that causes the most damage to our psyche for it allows us to convert Reality into a fantasy world, where we feel in control, master and commander of all within our narrow domain. In Reality, we have isolated ourselves into a state of ignorance, remaining unaware and seemingly unaffected by the Outside world. We ignore the lessons of the past, which might otherwise help us in our decisions for a successful future. As Winston Churchill once stated, “Those that fail to learn from history, are doomed to repeat it.” 
Lulled into this state of pointless complacency, we forget that our lives have an innate power of influence. In order to recognize our power of influence and wield it successfully, we must untether from technology. We must bravely face the vicissitudes unique to every generation, through living experience. It is living experience alone that provides the sensory boost required for all positve, personal growth, that leads to an overall influence for the good of society as a whole.
Once we have untethering from all distracting forms of technogy, searched the past for valuable lessons, and faced the problems of our generation through living experience, only then are we ready and able to weild our power of influence. Through this process alone can our capacity increase to the level where are able to comprehend fully the fact that every choice we make has an inescapable consequence of power. So, we must choose carefully, for our own sake, for the sake of society, and for the sake of future generations. 
We must then be prepared to stand accountable for our choices and their unavoidable consequences. Only then will we be able to incorporate, within ourselves, the significance of Gandhi’s Reality and improve our lives and that of the society into which we are born.
***
My name is Liberty Hansdotter Singh. For the first thirteen years of my life, I lived in an isolated DormRoom inside of the Trinity BioDome, est. 2289. I was merely one of hundreds of thousands of Students who received their education and life experience connected to an ethereal entity known by us as, “Teacher”. She served as both CourseSupervisor and parental proxy for all enrolled Students.
My biological parents remained camoflagued behind Teacher’s auspices, forcing me to experience a manufactured, conformed, virtual existence, decided upon by their unmistakable caprice. Bound to this inextricable quaranteen, I was chained both physically and mentally.
The Student population was divided into a ClassRoom, each containing five Students who were grouped together according to their level of intelligence, emotional maturity, and social DEP score (Department of Education Perspective).  Upon thorough evaluation of our Learning Index Score, or LIS, we were assigned to a Level and coordinating ClassRoom.  Our mulitple Level education was divided into a two semester SchoolYear. Each Level had a main Learning Objective, and each semester was further divided by a five course cirriculum. Upon acceptable completion of all of the SchoolYear’s courses, we were allowed a brief virtual break, we called the SummerBreak. After the break,  we were advanced to the next Level. 
At the age of thirteen, I was enrolled in Level eleven. The main topic for our Learning Objective was the Twentieth-century. Our courses were: Political Science, Medical Science, History, Foreign Language, and Physical Accuity. Once we had completed all of the course work we were then ready for the SemesterFinal. It was the highlight for the semesters, and was administered to us as a ClassRoom. We always played as a ClassRoom, and it was part of the protocal fun to identify one another during our GamePlay.
The main reason that the SemesterFinal was so exhilerating was because it was transmitted in the GamerPlay Avatar, or GPA, format. The GPA format was a shared virtual experience that allowed us to mentally transform into another person. This person was usually one of historical significance who had been intrical to the course’s historical setting, development and outcome.
As Students we were expected to maneuver successfully throughout the GPA according to our knowledge accumulated throughout the course. Upon exiting the GPA, we were asked to provide an insightsul report of what it was like to “live through” the experience. This report was made by us, typed up in the PGER format, or, Post Gamer Experience Report. We were meant to believe that by “living through” another persons experience, it was the only true way to acquire knowledge. Our PGER was then assessed by Teacher, who gave us a feedback score in the form of a numerical Rank. My ClassRoom of Students maintained the highest Rank for our Level.
Integral to the enhancement of the Gaming experience was “CHIP.” CHIP is an acronym for “Cognitive Hypothalamus Intelligence Proceessor”. Implanted at birth, CHIP was surgically tethered to our brain stem and vagus nerve, thereby greatly amplifying our Gamer’s sense of reality.
***
The following chronical of my life is written in hope that the future generations will be enlightened to Gandhi’s Reality, and thereby may succussfully manuever through the life that they are born into. 
Gandhi’s Reality states, “Acceptance of the truth behind our existence, unhampered by any assumptions, frees the mind to experience Reality, of the world and of oneself.” 
To accurately represent my living experience and those of the significant Players of my generation, I have included many original records. Some are in a type-written format and others are digital recordings and their transcripts. They include Student Archive Reports, Surveillance Recordings, and Scientific Reports. Please pay close attention to the beginning of each transcript, under the word “Source”. It will inform you to as the person who is the main character in the archival report, and the date and place that the report was made. All records may be retrieved from the Trinity BioDome’s Crystal Library: Student Archives.
My hope is that, armed with the unhampered and unassumeed Reality of our true existence, the following generations will possess the fortitude to untether from technology, enough, to accept and act upon their individual and combined force of influence and make the sagacious decisions that will be required of them, ensuring not only their survival, but the continuing survival of the human race.

Liberty Hansdotter Singh
December 7, 2445, PND

 










