On planet after planet life had sprung up and eventually died.  Sometimes one creature at a time, sometimes all at once when a sun died, or a large asteroid hit, or a rogue black hole formed.  Sometimes it took out more than a world.  A few entire universes had been taken out by vacuum metastability events and other catastrophies.  

There were more variations on how life could die than how it could live and thrive.  Life gave it the most valiant effort, though.  Such inventiveness, creativity and drive had been built into each plant and animal and everything in between.  

It had at times seemed like it would go on forever, and some things would.  The virus's that had caused so many deaths themselves would now forever hibernate without a host. It was not really death, however - nor had they ever really lived.

Death did not want to move in too quickly on this last living creature.  It had a special prey that no longer lived.  It had eight legs and ferocious claws, but nothing to use them on.  It had been inanimate for a few hundred years, now.  It had floated on this chunk of space debris completely alone and unaware that it was the last living creature in all of existence.

It had long ago shed most of the water in its body, appearing as a dried husk.  Its metabolism had slowed to a point that it was nearly nonexistent.  It had survived freezing and scorching temperatures, incredible pressure and lack thereof, and years of inactivity, but a nearly nonexistent metabolism is still a metabolism and age and lack of food had finally reached the poor creature.

Death watched it.  Such a curious thing.  The long gone human race had called them "Tardigrades" or "Water Bears" and had rightfully admired them for being so hardy.  By the time people discovered them, they'd already existed over 500 million years.  

Death tenderly reached out his hand and stroked the microscopic animal.  As life began to fade from its body, Death felt himself coming undone.  Without life, there was nothing to die.  There would be no more work.  

It was peaceful, no whimper or bang.  There was no opening of the sky or other calamity to announce the loss of life of this last creature.  No momentous reaction from the cold deadness of space to such an important passing.  

Death would have let out a sigh if he'd been capable of such sounds.  There was almost nothing left.  The last of him unraveled as the spark of life in the tiny creature went out.  


