"I think it's very common for one person to find another's assertions or reasoning to be irrational."

To find, yes, but to assert yourself with no other basis than your presumed sense of authority over the matter, no. He's presenting a will-violation double bind on the assertion that he knows rationality best, which is abusive, coercive, and false.

"As for the assertion 'masturbating to porn is cheating', I think that is actually an empirical claim that can be tested in the real world."

No it can't. Cheating is based on individual values, not specific action. It's not universal. It's different for everyone. That's why its a conversation, and subsequent honoring of individuals will and boundaries. It's cheating when she draws that line for her relationship involvement, and he willfully and contemptuously violates it knowing this.

"I doubt that masturbating to porn very often leads to emotional distance between couples."

Just wow to this. Porn use has been cited in a majority of divorces. It's been proven time and time again to be a detriment to relationships, not on the basis of what it inherently is, but by people not being able to control themselves (it works with the addiction part of the brain) and relationship boundaries going dishonored. Porn is not bad, but it's widely known and accepting that it's use by individuals is very often a problem with other relationship agreements. This whole post is an example of it leading to emotional distance between couples.

"If people were to only operate on the beliefs they could scientifically prove, society would fall apart very quickly from general inaction."

Technically, nothing is able to be scientifically proven. Scientific methodology to discover anything is always based on a principle of an irrational concept. Physics isn't even technically solid (pun intended). Quantum physics disproves our entire truth-seeking foundationary principles. 

What can be determined here? She said no. It doesn't matter if she said no because he had a grey hair, or because he's a zodiac sign she doesn't prefer. She has a right to say no for whatever reason she fucking wants. Her right to constitute porn as cheating is not up for fucking debate.

"If he could easily be convicted of rape on that basis, then the majority of married people could be as well. In other words, he could not easily be."

Again, wrong. He could easily be convicted. Note even the current platform for sexual assault. If someone doesn't want to have sex, but you push through, plead, barter for sex and end up getting compliance when they still didn't technically want it, it's rape. Plain and simple. Even thought the current stats prove the opposite of what you're claiming, and divorce settlements involving claims of sexual assault are nearly always settled with non-disclosures and non-disparagement. Meaning, even more sexual consent and assault issues brought up in divorces proceedings exist than what the public is made aware of, because they are barred from public disclosure. We have a law in the works meant to override this, because people (like yourself) then become unaware and ignorant to a real issue, and it ceases to get traction to get resolved. Awareness will make you more empathetic to the problem.

Maybe now it's appropriate to mention I am an expert on consent and ethics surrounding the sexual aspects of relationships. I am the founder of Consent&gt;Yes, a campaign that works with institutions to develop resources to combat the growing frequency of sexual assault and rape specifically among demographics (of which you might be included) at universities and for the general public.  I have the experience, have objective access to resources and stats pre-media bias, and am qualified on these matters for having used legal and law enforcement contacts to ensure the validity of the logical structure of all materials made. Our newest (and first global) campaign is launching in two months.  

And my guess is, you are probably just a defensive boy who likes porn and has no real concept of OP's fiance's right to dictate the terms of her own participation in relationships. For this, I'm tired and retiring this discussion as I see you as a lost cause.  All I can say is, your beliefs are toxic, and given my experience, you'll likely end up an offender before too long if you don't amend them to respect people's right to determine relationships terms and consent. 

Maybe think on that for a bit. Cheers. 
