&gt; Capitalism requires only a moderate amount of a population to be well educated. Why waste money and resources educating everyone when the country operates fine when many people are not well educated?

&gt; It's incredibly short-sighted but it is a reality for many on the right.

Its funny you should say that.  If it were true, leftist control of the educational system for half a century has ensured we are living the dream.

Thanks to our public schools, half the population of Detroit is functionally illiterate, as are nearly half of its high school graduating classes in recent years.  Detroit has fallen a long way since it had Republican mayors and the highest per-capita income of any major US city.  Many of the country's other major cities (also run by the left for decades) are right behind it.

Thanks to leftist control of our university system, our infantilized college students feel threatened by ideas that are contrary to their worldview, are traumatized by their misinterpretations of other peoples' words, think that their being offended is a license to physically attack people, believe there are 32 genders, and believe that their degree in gender studies is going to be an automatic ticket to a six figure income when they graduate.  

As adults, the graduates of those leftist institutions who have figured out their degree in gender studies isn't worth so much want the rest of us to pay for their bad choices, and think wearing vagina hats makes a statement other than that they are brainwashed drones.

I'll close with a quote from Bill Ivey, Clinton Appointee to the Chairmanship of the National Endowment for the Arts, from one of the leaked Podesta emails:

&gt; [And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599)
