The military was crumbling. Despite how the largest economy in the world had effectively turned into a factory of weapon production, the extraterrestrial threat could not be defeated. 

There was something weird about an alien threat that supposedly only had our complete destruction in mind. And while not wanting to reveal it, and potentially lose any will to fight them, we still wanted to exploit it. 

Unlike what any reasonable military strategist would do in their situation. They had not yet destroyed our production of crops and poisoned our soil. They had not yet bombed our factories to stop the production of weapons. And they suffered for it.

They were ignoring sound military strategy that would cause undue harm to civilians and those not directly involved in the fight against them.

You couldn't just reveal to the average man the ways in which these aliens act towards civilians. You couldn't just tell him that this threat had never actually targeted any areas of civilian populations despite how easily it could be crippled us financially.

To maintain sovergnty over our own world, we could not just accept this alien force. Despite their current appearance and actions, there was no guarantee that they ever would maintain this level of empathy.

So the world had to have been put into a scare. We had to get them to believe that these aliens will murder them if they are given the slightest chance. We need every single man woman and child on this planet to believe this as a legitimate threat to their safety.

Those scared to fight would've looked at their kindness and fantasized of a better world that may be able to commit to peace if only we stopped fighting them. But they would only find out how cruel this alien race could be towards them when it was too late.


Years of war went by. Our inability to harm their ships and bases centered in South America, and their lack of willingness to destroy our factories, crops and workers, have left us with a stalemate. On the continent their forces only controlled what was below Texas, and the coalition of world government's only had what was north of Texas.

But the stalemate would be broken. What had been considered before now seemed like the ideal time to execute.

The south Americans have been living cushy lives, unaware and uninspired to take action against what we knew would be a unempathetic and controlling threat if it ever managed to gain a strong foothold in North America.

They were peaceful with the belief that as long as they didn't seek out the enemy, the enemy wouldnt seek them out. Everyone knew this was what was holding us back. 

A plan was being acted out. Certain refugees we received from South America during the start of the war were to be smuggled back to their countries of origin. There, we would provide everything we could to help them propogate​ certain lies that inhabitants other areas around south American, and in the other stronghold in South Asian, were being viscously attacked and murdered on mass.

The plan was to inspire force against the threat from within the areas they had already controlled. It was to get these workers to realize the threat these aliens pose, even if the situations they believed in were not completely accurate.

It worked. Fear swept the continent. Civilians effectively took the roles of militants and fought back. The stores of weapons on the continent from pre war times were finally being used the way we always wanted them to. The aliens were at an inability to reciognize these civilians as threats even when they were being shot point blank by people they've never seen before.

This only lasted a while.

One week afterwards we got news of chemical attacks in South America. Civilians were being targeted. It was as if a switch was flicked and now they had a warrant to let everyone die.

The entire population of South America vanished in about a week. 

Then bombs flew over our heads. To the most densely populated cities. To schools and factories. To whatever could end the war the quickest.

Within 4 months everyone was dead. 

Hey at least we gave it our all.

We fought hard for what we believed in.

Humanity could not have given up hope and submitted to these things. They could have lied to them about their niceness the entire time, they could have had selfish interests in mind. Do you think the humanity deserves that. I didn't. I'm proud of the decisions I've made and what they've done.
