Okay, let's do this:

&gt;The most powerful Riverlander Houses would be behind the Throne. It doesn't matter if a few minor houses have other sentiments, they'll keep in line if the Houses with the most men and money are on one side.

But they didn't. When house Tully declared for the rebels and got the support of Blackwoods and Mallisters and Brackens and several other houses in Riverlands, houses Mooton, Darry and Whent still went and supported Targaryens, as in actually fought in battles for them to the bitter end. House Frey, which is one of the biggest houses in Riverlands despite all the mockery, didn't fight for anybody and waited until the end of Battle of the Trident, to come and declare for the winner. They again, didn't give two shits about Tullys during WOT5K, only supported Starks thanks to promises of exorbitant rewards, and jumped ship the moment that promise was broken.

&gt;The Florents were Stannis' staunchest supporters in the War of Five Kings.

After Renly died. They supported Renly when he lived. And house Tyrell supported Renly because he would make Margaery queen. There is no such situation here. Would house Tyrell support Baratheons because of their so called ties to Renly? Maybe. Or maybe they would decide to sit this one out. Baratheons stick one to them by marrying Florents, one of their fiercest rivals, maybe Tyrells will think it is better to side with Dany over Baratheons, she can marry Loras (Willas in the books) making him king, and could kick Florents to the curb. Hightower took an easy bet in Renly. It is not so against Dany. They are the most powerful family in Reach, not Tyrells, they may just as well decide to sit this one out, especially since they have no ties and no debts to Baratheons. 

Houses in Reach all want more, Renly promised them that, Robert doesn't. It was a civil war which meant in return for their loyalty they would be given rewards in detriment to other lords who would be on the losing side. In this scenario, they are fighting for the status quo, no additional gain for any of them. The closest allies of the throne, a.k.a. the ones who will sweep the rewards if there is any, are original rebellion houses, not them. If they side with Dany however, then they get rewarded. And if she loses, meh. Robert doesn't have the power to threaten or dismantle the Reach, especially after a most certainly long and devastating war against dragons. Low risk high reward play is with Dany.

&gt;Because the Ironborn wouldn't have an unawares and unmanned kingdom to attack. 

Except, that's exactly what they would have. The North would be called to fight for Robert, to the south. They would leave their homeland as unaware and undefended as in canon. 

&gt;Nobody helped the Night's Watch because they had much bigger things to think about AKA a civil war.  There is no such concern for the North in this scenario so they could afford to support the Watch more.

In this scenario, they have an even bigger threat to deal with, Starks are in no position to support the NW, they are down south fighting 100k Dothraki and 3 dragons.

&gt;His daughter comes at a time after 15 years of prosperity. The commons loved Robert, and would have no reason to support an usurper. Besides that, the common folk's support mean jack shit. And no, half the realm didn't support the Targs, they literally had four kingdoms against them.

Riverlands, Stormlands, the Vale all had loyalists. In each one of these regions they first had to fight against the ones who were loyalists among them before they could raise against the throne. The only region 100% behind Robert was the North. The Reach alone has 
a bigger army than Stormlands, Riverlands and the North combined. They are "half the kingdom". Together with Dorne they were fully behind the throne, as well as all of Crownlands. If you go by "number of administrative zones", no, half the kingdom didn't support Targaryens. If you go by actual people, yes half the kingdom supported Targaryens. 

&gt;They absolutely have a concept of nationalism and defending against foreigners, they've done it several times. 

They have never done it. Andals came and conquered them all, washing them over with their religion, all but North and Iron Islands, thanks to kings and lords of First Men bending the knee the moment resistance became too costly. Later Nymeria came and conquered all of Dorne thanks to the support she got from Dornish lords Martells. Aegon was only able to conquer them because they were divided and didn't put up much of a fight, fall like flies at the sight of other's defeat. Kings of the Rock and Reach made a pact to defend their crown. Upon their defeat at Field of Fire, the Reachmen bend the knee, including Hightowers, without a single instance of resistance and King Loren Lannister, the king who just fought against him, also bent the knee without further attempts at resistance. This isn't patriots defending their homeland, this is aristocrats defending their position and the moment they realize price is too big, they throw it. The only region that showed any kind of proper resistance to "foreign invaders" was Dorne, and Dorne in this case is at the side of Dany.

&gt;The vassals have no reason to break away from their overlords, especially since many of them backed their overlords in overthrowing the Targs and hitched their wagons to them.

If they turn the cloak, Vassals get all of their lords' shit when they win. Vassals, are also not the front runners of campaigns, so while their lords don't have the option to act like all is cool against Dany, they do have that option, to get out of the war with minimal loss or even with a win. Their lords cannot surrender, but they can, and they can be even rewarded for surrendering before their liege does. That's how wars always work. Most of the lords of Stormlands bent the knee to Joffrey after Blackwater, because they could. They didn't stick with Stannis. Even Florents didn't want to stick with Stannis, but their head suffered a bad case of burned at the stake.

&gt; Who will the Lords fight for? An openhanded king who they've known for so long or a foreign queen (they've never had one and would have no reason to accept one with so many male heirs about) that they've never seen and who leads an army of savages?

They will fight for the one they think  will win. Dany is not a foreign  invader despite all the fandom's attempt of trying to paint her as one. She is a westerosi and the returning monarch, not some random dude. She is the heir of Aegon the Conqueror and one with three dragons. The image she invokes isn't that of an evil outsider, it's Aegon himself, someone all of westeros respects and admires. And they all remember how that conquest went. That will be the perspective they will be looking from. And that open handed king is only open handed to his allies, in this case Houses Stark, Tully, Arryn and Lannister. Those are the pillars of his reign. The others have no gain from him, and actually have a better chance of a profit from Dany.

&gt;Dany can also be utterly screwed by one decisive naval battle, as her forces have no naval experience

Dany is coming with combined fleets of Yunkai, Astapor and Volantis. Each of those fleets have more naval experience than lords of westeros other than Iron born. Westeros lords have no battles since Greyjoy rebellion, Essosi Free Cities fight against pirate guilds and one another over trade routes all the time. They also have bigger, stronger ships with fire power. She has the upper hand in a naval warfare.

&gt;Dragons have been killed many times before in Westerosi war.

By other dragons.

&gt;The Dornish bagged one

After over a decade of warfare, someone got a lucky shot to the eye with ballista. Not a reliable, repeatable strategy.

&gt;several were killed in the Dance, using artillery

No they were not. Several chained down dragons inside a closed space were killed by a mob of thousands after an entire night of an attack and one of the dragons finally breaking free and collapsing the ceiling on them. One already dying dragon on the floor was put to rest by getting shot in the eye, another one entangled to the ropes and sails of ships due to the fuck up of its rider and then rider got hit by arrows and the dragon drowned. All weird, nigh impossible to repeat cases that depend on absurd luck.

&gt;Even big volleys of arrows and bolts in large enough volume can have an effect.

No they do not. We have seen this in history over and over again. It doesn't work.

&gt;but she won't be able to send them on independent missions since they have no riders. Meaning that she can't use dragons in multiple operations at the same time, drastically reducing their effectiveness.

She doesn't have to send them to separate missions. And no, it doesn't "drastically" reduce their effectiveness. They aren't less effective just because they are in one place. Less than optimal in efficiency, yes, but not less effective.

&gt;There's also the fact that they're still not as big as previous Targ dragons and would be easier to kill.

Easier to kill than "nigh unkillable" is "pretty much unkillable". That's not a difference that will matter.

&gt;There's also the fact that all of her commanders will be drastically outclassed by the loyalist commanders.

Dothraki has far more battle experience than any lord of westeros and fresher too. The last time lords of westeros saw war was, in this case, more than 15 years ago and they saw at best a total 3 wars in their lifetime, 4 for Tywin. Dothraki see war every six months at the laziest. And on the contrary to the popular belief, they have a wast history of fighting and defeating walled cities, and they especially excel at open battle in fields. Unsullied are the only inexperienced bunch in in Dany's army. At this point even Dany has battle experience and fresher than all of westerosi lords.

She has far more chance than you give her credit for.
