2: Neleh Dennis - Neleh is who I attribute most to the huge power shift in the early merge of Maraamu. She’s able to flip Paschal, and allows the underdogs to flip the script, voting out John. You’d never expect this of course, she starts as the cute girl who has a father/daughter relationship with Paschal, says “oh my heck”, is “Pixie” or “sweet pea”, and while that’s a nice positive presence, like an Elisabeth, that’s not great. Once John votes out Gabe, Neleh starts to question what’s going on, but when the merge hits, during the Rob boot, the sweet Neleh, Paschal (and Kathy) flip back to the Rotu 4, but when her thoughts are confirmed of the pecking order, she flips Paschal and herself, ending the Rotu 4. She’s still shown as the young girl in moments like offering a chewed mint, and is annoying to the tribe. Her relationship with Paschal ends when he draws the rock, and Neleh is devastated and sad, continues on, taking a deal with Vecepia, voting out Kathy. Then, fitting of the young girl who doesn’t really know how to articulate what she did, she talks about love, being nice, not owning what she did, being very sweet and not being very good in general at FTC. 

Overall Ranking: 27/615

1: Kathy Vavrick O’Brien - Kathy is the first, and best iteration of the person who’s breaking down out there, has a recovery, and goes on to place very well, and be a serious threat. I’m mixed on the archetype as a whole, but Kathy is great. She’s not self aware at all, comes off like a crazy person, she tries to become a leader, is seen as overbearing. She gets frustrated because no one likes her, and ends up being a lone wolf, doing everything by herself, not connecting, she’s just too independent and abrasive for her own good. At the swap, she starts getting it together better, forming a bond with Gina, and with Neleh and Paschal, and she gets chosen to be the merge representative with Rob, where she bonds with him over beer, talks about life, and sets up the rest of the game. She tries to convince the non-Rotu 4 Rotu’s to flip, but it takes Rotu 4 itself to convince them. During the family visit, her son comes out, and we go back to old unaware Kathy, where her son feels so uncomfortable with his mother acting like that. She’s become a key part of the remaining 5, the middle person, but ultimately sticks with her original group, Neleh and Paschal, flips back and votes with Vee on Neleh, forcing the rock draw. Then, just about as she’s going to get her arc completed, she gets betrayed at the last minute, Neleh wins FIC, and votes Kathy out. Her personality is also great, not just unaware and crazy early Kathy, but just the way she speaks, her intelligence yet odd phrases and weird laugh. 

Overall Ranking: 6/615


