:::FYI: my interpretive spoilers::: for those who want to watch the film and havent...

What I always questioned was Danny's gift vs Jack's spirit possession. 

We know Danny isn't the only one that has the shining gift (like shining light onto evil to reveal evil's presence). He's a child, so I took it as Tony os his made up friend to justify the visions he receives because he doesn't understand it fully. The other person with this gift is the guy who works at the hotel. 

The movie brings up Danny's arm injury a couple times that resulted from Jack drinking. Jack swears he never touched Danny and wouldnt ever harm a hair on his head. So does Jack have an evil spirit possessing him? He loves his wife and boy, but he dreams of killing them. He always seems unaware and vulnerable to possession when he lets his guard down.

The Overlook Hotel (which always thought was named to hint that this hotel "watches over", or is overlooking the spirit world, in a good vs evil kind of way) is a bit of a nuetral spirit that tractions evil spirits to its premises aling with the mortals who can fend off the spirits and battle the evil spirits. In a sense, the Overlook Hotel is a dream catcher. 

The man who works at the Hotel is old enough in the film to have been witness to the previous dealings and murders. Perhaps, good and evil have fought before and the evil spirits have always won. The resort is somewhat corporatized showing a conquering of Native American's mountain land. There are several references around the hotel that depict a Native culture. Sometimes Good wins, someti.es Evil wins. But the hotel attracts this spiritual battle because people who cannot shine, are ignorant to their reality. Danny's mother believes his injury was accidebtal ir negligence, but a greater more evil being exists in Jack. Perhaps this is why he drinks? Alcohol is Jack's grown up version of Tony that helps him unserstand in the only way he can.

And perhaps, Jack was never there before, but the spirit that possesses him was, and that spirit became trapped in the hotel along with all the other spirits of the Overlook Hotel. Jack became a mortal piece of that hotel's history because his demon led him their as the evil spirit(s) did for all the others. 

The Overlook Hotel is protected by good spirits, but evil seeks to destroy what is good, resulting in history repeating itself forever.

