I haven't really ever talked about this publicly or outside my inner circle of friends. I have a rare mutation in my DNA with my RYR1 receptor. First noticed symptoms at age 13 (31 now). My symptoms are extreme muscle cramping for extended periods of time which then progresses to Rhabdomyolysis and then in this case progressed further to Compartment Syndrome and legs had actually began to die. The muscle tissue was early stages of necrosis. Timeline for this episode was about 3 days and I was in the USA (palm desert) for a trip with friends, we are canadian. Cramps started off lasting anywhere from 15 minutes to 1 hour on day 1. Day 2 I woke up and had an extremely painful cramp in both legs that last about 1 hr. I had to kneel beside the bed and bend over the mattress as it was the only thing that provided any relief. My friend called me an ambulance. I was crying at this point and trust me I don't cry often. My CK levels (Creatine Kinase) where in the 20k-25k range and after several bags of saline and some pain meds I was discharged. The next morning I woke up and my legs instantly started cramping or they were cramping and woke me. Called an ambulance right away this time. Once admitted my CK is tested once more and it's now in the 30,000 plus range. Saline is doing now to help. At some point that day my legs start cramping and harder than they have at any point in my life so far. The pain is intolerable. They were injecting me with Fentanyl and dilaudid and it was doing anything at all! I keep asking... screaming for more. The pain was so bad at this point it literally fucked with my sense of time, space, life everything. Every second felt like a minute, every minute a day, and that day an eternity. I was exhaling and making a Aaaaahhhhhhh vibration as that feeling was a 0.0001 second distraction from the hell I was in. I was being pulled into the deep water. My life was slipping at this point. I had an extremely elevated heart rate from dealing with the high CK. My liver and kidneys were failing. CK at this point was over 100,000 and my legs had been cramping for over 8 hours.
At this stage a team of surgeons and specialists were frantically trying to decide the best course of action. My mother said she had never seen a situation with doctors arguing about the proper course of action. The major threats I was dealing with was heart failure or Liver and kidney failure. The normal course of action would be to put me on dialysis for 4hrs but my heart rate was too high and 4 hrs was too long of wait and the risk of heart attack was hanging over us. Also because I was youngish they wanted to do everything to save my legs that were pretty much dead at this point but the muscle tissue was savable. If they didn't do enough dialysis the surgery was too risky. So they opted for 2 hrs of dialysis and then got me into surgery. At this point I am unconscious and unaware and this part was told to me by my mother. Doctors gave both my situations around surviving slightly over 50-50 and about a 50-50 chance I would wake up with my legs. This was uncharted territory for them. So the first surgery went well. They made the incisions through the skin and fascia and allowed the pressure in the compartments to release. They covered them so I couldn't see because I left like that with my muscle out for about 36hours to allow the decompression. The second surgery was to clean the tissue and put everything back in and take some grafts for the wounds. They covered them for 5 days with wound vacs and keep me well lubed on a pain pump. I was in the ICU as well so the level of care was very good. I was still not out of the woods yet as my liver and kidneys were still not fully bouncing back after the beating they took. Luckily 2 or 3 days after surgery they show positive signs. On day 5 they remove the wound vacs and check how the grafts are doing and to determine if any additional surgery would be required. I was lucky and both leg grafts took 100%. I spent the next two weeks in the American hospital as they argued with the insurance companies on when I was save to fly home. Insurance assholes tried to get me shipped home in between surgeries to finish it off in Canada and my surgeon had to actually call them himself and say that was the stupidest most incompetent thing he had ever heard. I was touch and go and they wanted to fly me home? It was stressful to say the least. After about 20 total days in hospital I was flown back to Vancouver Canada and admitted to a local hospital.
The rest of the story is longer and longer than this but at least for now my condition has somewhat stabilized and I have returned to a normal life for the most part. My grafts are doing great and my legs too. Every now and then I do something to aggravate them but I have to live my life as well. I was extremely lucky to have a family and friends that love me and supported me the whole way. My mom was by my side the whole way like a momma bear would. Unfortunately my father had passed away in 2001 but his brother, my uncle, was by my side too and that made a huge difference. We are only here for a minute so enjoy it everyone. It's shocking how fast things can change. I was also lucky to have amazing doctors, surgeons, specialist and nurses. The nurses really looked after me and made me feel safe or that they had my back some how and that was huge in that situation. Thanks for reading my shit. Make the most of today!
