My step daughter talks about sex all the time, never wears a bra, and her shirts are barely there and typically very sheer. She says she likes comfortable clothes and claims wearing a bra is the worst. Just look on tumblr for "pokies" and you'll get the idea. It's incredibly hot in an innocent way. You alther the intensity by choosing more/less sheer materials or keep it less sheer and show off side-boob. All passable as unintended sex signals. 

Aside from that she does little things to ensure she's the center of attention. The cat is in my lap and she'll come over and pet it leaning over so her boobs are 100% visible and right there in my face. Occasionally changes tops in front of me. Initially she pretended she didn't know I was about to come into her room (the door was wide open) but now If I wake her up there's a 50/50 chance she'll try to keep me captive with conversation while she changes into day clothes.  

Then there's the "Whoops. Spilled chocolate ice cream (juice, whatever) on my pants. Better take those off and wash them right now." *Peels off pants/shirt right there.* That's a pretty plausible scenario. Wouldn't want to ruin your favorite top/shorts. This works really well if you have a washer dryer right off the kitchen. Comes off as 100% innocent while allowing your to expose as much as you like.

A few times she pretends she doesn't know I'm home and walks out naked feigning embarrassment. My personal favorite was her pulling down the shower curtain rod and making a fuss so that I had to come in and fix it. Just mention that it hit you on the head and *poof* you're stunned and unaware that you're naked and dripping wet while he fixes it. Poor thing was too short to fix it herself.  The accumulative effect is pretty intense. It's very very tempting. What is that analogy about boiling a frog? Do that. Slowly turn up the temperature and don't go straight to boiling.

LOL @ that last sentence. Probably the best advice I've ever seen here. Just get yourself off and keep it as a fantasy that you don't need to fulfill in real life, but yes you can tempt the man if you like. It may or may not work. Don't hang your relationship on it working out. Enjoy it even if it doesn't. 
