I'd like to see reddit handle a few of your points since it can tend to take equality to an almost offensive level of militantness and moralizing. I'd like to see reddit put up.

As far as your view, I don't have answers for issues on brain volume and crime despite wealth.

What I do see, though, is a problem with your level of resolution and, in some cases, spurious relationships. For example, implicitly connecting moral behavior to intelligence, and intelligence to IQ and brain volume. There's a lot more going on in a brain than size and horsepower when it comes to intelligence, and even more when it comes to morality. Germany in the horrific World Wars is the classical parable of extremely high and immoral intelligence. If they had iPods, they'd be listening to Bach on their way to their job of industrially slaughtering Jews like hogs.

Also to a certain degree, the tools we use suit us. IQ tests applied to other cultures assumes the test is completely universal and human, without a cultural subtext. We're often unaware and very romantic about our subtexts like that. I'd be highly suspect of any universal "human standard" developed by anybody. It's just our version of walking on hot coals to test bravery with extra.. ahem...steps.

Second, physical appearance is really superficial, which is the problem, and why I'd suspect the brain volume thing (which, if true, is pointing towards a nutrition epidemic). Where species differences really count are in the genes, and genetically you're indistinguishable from a woman in the Congo in 83 BCE. Humans are very closely related, even closer than a family of chimps. You're more genetically identical to our ancient Congolese woman than two chimp brothers.

So any genetic superiority would be like between two brothers: Greedy, overly particular and petty. Frankly that's what we've found this very new idea of racism to be, and nothing more.

I think you should change your view by virtue of the fact that you so badly want to. You know, the facts don't judge, and people make of them what they will. Arguments can be very powerful at times and certain points very subtly tempting and testing our resolve, but you can just say no to it. We have a hand in creating information, it's like a language. Just because bad words and curses exist doesn't mean you have to hear them if you really don't want to. So just reject these racist arguments because they're not good enough for you.

I mean they're also wrong, but respect your gut. Information hasn't "outsmarted man" that we need to justify ourselves to ideas. We owe a debt of honesty to ourselves but sometimes that includes your gut, which has informed you that the information supporting racism is wrong. Hear yourself.
