&gt;It really is kind of ridiculous. losing huge chunks of your fleet two episodes in a row doesn't really make much sense.
&gt;But whatevs

Okay yeah this wasn't about time jumps but what doesn't make sense about getting your ass kicked back to back when you came in expecting an easy win? 


&gt;I know we're in a bit of a rush to get to the end of the season what with only 7 episodes total and all but does the total lack of recon on Team Dany's part annoy anyone else? I mean, we have the Greyjoys at sea, Spider on land/in King's Landing and Dragons for the sky, she could have had pin points on every major movement and prevented herself from this pretty stunning defeat if she'd been a bit more cautious. Thoughts?




Let's break it down. 

Greyjoys at sea - The inferior naval Greyjoy force of the two, most of which is being used to courier around diplomats leading up to the battle. Sitting back on their heels granted not as prepared for battle as they should be. Also probably unaware and unprepared for Euron's fleet considering they stole his best ships and fled.

Spider on land/Kings Landing​. - Varys has been making back door deals and alliances with the other kingdoms all across Westeros. We've seen that his little birds have been turned by Qyburn in the s6 finale. He doesn't have the intel he thinks he does. 

Dragons - these aren't predator drones we're talking about flying at 30,000 feet undetectable from enemy radar. They're dragons. Sure they can be used to certain tactical advantages but they aren't COD UAVs. 


I would agree her naval strategies could have been better prepared but I don't think that blame falls on her as this is pretty much the first time she's ever been on a ship before that she was old enough to remember. Yeah do I hate the way things are going for Dany right now? Absolutely. Fuck Cersei. But there also wouldn't be much of a show either if Dany just floated in and waltzed over Kings Landing, although it would have been pretty sweet had she done so. I for one​would have enjoyed it. But that would be too easy. You have to have adversity or else the victory isn't worth it.      
