But that's not how they work.  If you're depressed, it's not that you have a "bad outlook" that you can just change.  You might actually have a chemical imbalance in your brain.  These medications aren't going to make you blissfully unaware and stupidly happy, they correct that imbalance and let you view the world the way someone without that imbalance would.  I'm not saying this is definitely something you have, but you won't know until you talk to someone.

I'm not saying it's perfect, but if there's a chance that you could live a much happier life, rather than ending it, then why not give it a try?

Take this morning for example,  it's been a reeaaally bad morning for me.  I'm sick, my phone's bricked, and I made a mistake at work last night that may very well get me fired...

I'm nervous, scared, and mad at myself.  But, when asked what happened I owned up to it, admitted my mistake, and told my boss it will not happen again.  Instead of getting depressed over how I failed, I'm using this as a lesson, I need to be more careful, especially when doing the thing I messed up.  Even if I get fired, I'll carry that lesson with me to my next job.  I can't afford to focus on that failure, because if I do, I'll definitely end up making things worse, by being distracted at work and messing more things up.  So, I got yelled at, I made my case, and now I have to force myself to move on.  I'm in a really shitty mood, but I'm going to keep trying to cheer myself up, because I know being miserable about it all day isn't going to do me any good.

That's what I mean when I say that you need to learn from your mistakes and failures instead of focusing on them.  I failed, in a big way.  But I figured out where I went wrong and now I'm going to make sure it won't happen again.

You can do this too.  It takes a long time to change the way you think, though.  I was your age when I saw my therapist and it didn't really click for me until my 20's.  It takes time, but the older you get, the more you realize that people don't judge you nearly as much as you judge yourself, and that if you can lessen that habit, you can roll with the punches much easier.

I think you're a lot stronger than you think you are, and that all you need is the self confidence to push yourself.  Unfortunately, no one can give you that.  That's something you need to acquire on your own.  All I, or anyone else, can do is show you ways that might help.  Unless, of course, this is a case of clinical depression, in which case all you may need is a little help, even if it's medication.
