Dave dropped his daughter off at high school, as he had done countless times before, then made his way back to County Road 117 and turned right to head to work. He had twenty minutes to get there and punch in, and since it was only a twelve minute drive, he knew he'd be on time. He had seen too many of his fellow correctional officers show up late, and he did not want to end up unemployed today.

But not more than two minutes later, he found himself stuck behind a line of parked cars. A number of drivers were milling about, discussing what little they knew about the problem. He pulled over and shut off the engine. "Okay, what's going on up there?" he called out.

A heavyset woman squeezed out of a Prius, and she didn't bother to try to hide her confusion. "None of us can seem to leave. The road won't allow it."

Dave struggled with the ridiculousness of the statement as he got out of his Chevy. "What do you mean, the road won't allow it? It can't think for itself, can it?" 

He heard a man shouting up ahead, but couldn't make out what he was saying. "Walk with me," she responded. "Just what I said. Some of us have tried to travel by car and on foot, but we can't even find Main Street, which should be right...here." They had passed the sign for Route 48 a minute earlier, but the road itself was gone, replaced by a wide open field. 

Dave suddenly realized they had just walked past his Impala. Her Prius was right next to them and a long line of vehicles had gathered behind his car. "Well, I've got roughly eight minutes to get to work, so if we could figure this out, that would be great," he said, checking his watch. It read the same time as it had when he dropped off his daughter. He still had twenty minutes. *What the hell?* he thought. He turned on his heel and got back in his car.

"Where are you going?" she asked. "Perhaps there's another way you can take."

"Well, yes, there is, but I'll be late for work. Good luck." He restarted his car, turned around, and headed for his alternate route. But not more than two minutes later, he saw the woman once again getting out of her Prius and walking with...was that Dave himself? The space where he had parked was still vacant, so he decided to try again. Yet again, he met her as she was struggling to get out of her car. But this time, his car was parked in the spot as he passed it. He actually saw himself sitting in his Impala.

*What the hell?* He wasn't even sure if he said it or just thought it this time. He checked his watch again. Twenty minutes still. *If I take the back roads, I'll still be on time.* He punched the gas and took off. Left on Elm Street. Right on 7th Street. Left on Brook Lane. Left on 4th Street. Right on Genesee Street. Across the river and right on River Street. Left on 2nd Street. Right on Garden Street. Left on...

Main Street was supposed to be here. Instead, he saw Garden Street continuing ahead through an open field. The sign for Route 48 seemed highly out of place without the street itself. Dave looked around, took a deep breath, and turned left into the field that should have been Main Street.

The field was way too smooth to just be a field. It felt as if he was driving on the street. He turned his wheel slightly to the right and felt a drop off. He immediately corrected himself and got back onto the nonexistent road. "Well, I'm definitely going to be late now. At least it feels like the road is here," he mumbled. He glanced down at the clock on his dashboard, and slammed on the brakes when he saw that he still had twenty minutes. "OK, this is just insane," he laughed. "How is time just stopped? And where is the damn road?"

Somewhere off to his left, he heard murmuring. He could make out two distinct voices. A man: "Okay, what's going on up there?" Then a woman: "None of us can seem to leave. The road won't allow it." The man, louder: "What do you mean, the road won't allow it? It can't think for itself, can it?"

*Wait, that's me and the Prius woman!* he thought. He got out and shouted, "Hey, over here! I found something!" He jumped slightly as he heard the car door close. Instinctively, he turned to look, but his car was gone. In its place was a small silvery blue spacecraft.

"Are you the one they call Dave?" asked a voice from...somewhere.

"Well, yes, but I'm not the only Dave in the world. Are you sure you've got the right one?"

"You are the only one called Dave who travels on that road at that time of day. You must be the right one. You must come with us. We will restore everything else to the way it should be." The craft tripled in size, and a door opened. Dave felt compelled to walk inside, but something stopped him.

The voice continued, "You, Dave, have been chosen as the Earth ambassador for the Intergalactic Council. Your objective is to explain why you humans have spent so much time and energy on killing each other and creating items such as footwear that lights up and battery operated sexual toys, and so little time and energy on getting to know your neighbors in this galaxy. Once you have met your objective, you will be returned to Earth unharmed and unaware that any of this took place, but be warned that your answers will determine how the Council deals with your planet."

"And if I refuse to go? What happens then?" Dave was overwhelmed and completely unprepared for this type of responsibility. After all, he was a corrections officer, not a diplomat.

"Well, then, the Galactic Council will have no choice but to destroy your planet. But do not worry, we will allow you to watch."

Even though his view of humanity had been soured because of the crimes committed by the prisoners he dealt with at work, Dave swallowed hard and walked toward the spacecraft, determined to save the world.

......

Dave dropped his daughter off at high school, as he had done countless times before, then made his way back to County Road 117 and turned right to head to work. He had twenty minutes to get there and punch in, and since it was only a twelve minute drive, he knew he'd be on time. He had seen too many of his fellow correctional officers show up late, and he did not want to end up unemployed today.

