A lot of these can be answered with book speculation. 

1. The White Walkers were looking for someone in particular. They found a NW Lord who looked all fancy, so they tested to see if they had the right guy. Apparently the WW know about someone who is supposed to be able to defeat them. If I recall this specific theory correctly, they also knew he'd look like a Stark, and that one former lord may have had Stark blood in him. One defining characteristic is that he'd have a sword that wouldn't shatter when making contact with the WW swords, ie. a Valyrian Steel sword. Remember when the NK stood at the top of the cliff at Hardhome and watched Jon duel the WW? That may have been him scouting for his foe.

2. Here's a place where the books don't match up with the show. In the books, the NK is not the first White Walker. There's a legend concerning the Night King. I think he was either a Stark Lord of Winterfell or a Stark Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. He then fell in love with a female WW who turned him into a WW himself, and then he ruled over the north for some time or something like that. 
Its apparent that the WW have some breeding mechanism that allows them to turn currently living humans into WWs. Whether the CotF just made one WW who turned others, or they made a bunch is unclear, and kind of irrelevant tbh.
As for their home, in the far far north is a place called the Land of Always Winter. Bran visited it in the books while he was in his dream coma after Jaime pushed him out of the window. I think its assumed the WW just hang out here when they aren't murdering wildlings.

3. What caused the WW to rise is unclear. Theories include a broken pact between the First men and the CotF, the Starks and the CotF, or the Starks and the WW, etc. Some people believe it has to do with the Andals coming and cutting down the forests and the weir trees. Others think it has to do with the Andal religion of the Seven gaining prominence. Some think the Starks had a secret deal with someone, the details of which was passed along the lords of winterfell, but after Rickon and Brandon Stark were simultaneously murdered, the secret died with them, leaving Ned Stark unaware and unable to do whatever he needed to do to prevent the rise of the WW. It may also have to do with the fact that Robb was named in the Light of the Seven, or that Ned built a sept in Winterfell.
I like the secret Ned deal, but I think what is most likely is the simplest answer: The seasons of Westeros are unusual and erratic, but cyclical. A long night was going to come and when the long night comes, so do the WW. But this begs the question: What came first? The WW or winter? Does the sheer presence of WW cause it to be winter, or does the fact that its winter allow the WW to come? This is unknown.

4. Their end goal seems to be either the eradication of all of humanity or just the eradication of the first men.

5. The true relationship between the WW and the wights is unknown. I know that ice wights are similar in concept to fire wights, like Jon or Berric Dondarion, and I'm pretty sure they aren't linked to the person who brought them back. For instance, if Mel dies, I doubt that Jon would die too. So I think in the context of the books, the ice wights probably won't die as well if and when the WW die. They might cease to be a cohesive force, but we do know that wights were murderous and targeted the LC of the NW outside of WW influence before. In the show though, I wouldn't be surprised if this is reversed, just to simplify the ending. But then that makes you wonder if the show will show the end of all the WW? Will this war for dawn kill off the remaining WW population, or will they just be broken and flee home in defeat? 
