Thats why I dont pay much attention to the commenters who replied to me I watch people in the medical communities reaction to these events there is no logical way those were suicides there just is not im sorry.

I have seen drs who are not holistic drs question some of these events. they dont align with logic very well.

These drs are studying gcmaf I dont have time to teach biology however they are studying alternative approaches to treating cancer. The medical industry makes lots of money by people being sick not healthy if these drs like jeff bradstreet whose gunshot wound to the chest was a "suicide" cough were studying alternative treatments for cancer people would have everything to gain from that research and the pharmaceutical industry would have a lot to loose. While people die of various causes all of the time people of the same profession studying the same things in such a short span from one another is a completely different story.

Its like JFK was he killed because he was stupid and unaware and just a figurehead or was he creating a problem for the powers that be. If he was a gutless idiot he would have been left alone if mr brad-streets studies and research all meant nothing he would have been left alone. See killing a person lends validity to what they believed and thought and garners a general interest and curiosity for the public. Acts of murder and assassination are only used as a last resort because of what I just mentioned. Whatever Mr Bradstreet was doing in terms of looking for an alternative cure mus have been going somewhere.

Some of the alternative health drs have probably been murdered not because they were making a breakthrough but to send a message to others in the medical community.

Hes saying im not informed on this but tell me why police tried to classify mr bradstreets death as a suicide when it is VERY obvious thats BS.

It seems to me often times idiots are left alone and the people who are truly on to something are killed. Its because one poses a risk and one does not that's just the truth.

Lets pretend slavery was still a thing right. you have 100 slaves all who have become accustomed to slavery and think it is the natural way of life. You have the master profiting from these slaves right but of those 100 slaves you have one who starts to question if this is really how things were intended to be. Slowly that slave starts provoking thought from some of the others and teaching them how to escape and think about if it makes sense for them to all be slaves. If they all escape masters profits go away master rules over nobody and master will actually have to get up off his ass and do his own work for a living. So the masters solution is to stop the conscious slave from spreading that conscious to the others for if the others were to come to know of and learn the truth it would create problems. So Masters task is to brand the dissenter slave as crazy get the others to think there is something wrong with them and then show a consequence to stop the others from "getting any ideas".

So that slave is killed and it sends a message to the rest and stops them from teaching others. Some will say the slave was crazy, maybe but if it was nonsense they would not have been killed.

The other slaves say well nothings happened to me but those ones think their enslavement is natural and that is the way it is meant to be nothing happened to them because they do not interfere with the masters plans.

So when you read history books and look into the past or into people who spoke out and were killed or were looking into something and were killed thats the trail you want to follow. It means whatever they were killed in the process of studying or researching may have been real for if it wasnt whoever had them killed would not have felt threatened by their research.

Like monica peterson. These people are smart and they know killing somebody provokes people to do more digging asking more questions and makes them more believable it is only done when the person in question is hot on the trails of the truth and cant be manipulated like JFK. 

Were some of the drs deaths natural causes its likely but do the "suicides" that started occurring in june 2015 make any type of sense? no they dont that is probably why 300 fake accounts were created to attack the drs with REAL accounts who simply wanted answers.

You may be able to convince me some of the deaths were of normal causes but not the more crucial ones not the ones that started this conversation. If they were truly suicides somebody does not go out of their way to make 300 fake accounts to shut down basic questions.

I was skeptical at first as well because I can only take the news as its reported to me I wasn't their when the dr was murdered I didnt perform the autopsy etc however what I do have is attention to detail and the ability to apply logic. It was to be honest when I saw not speculated or had told to me by somebody else when I saw over 300 fake profiles ALL of which had the time and creation dates within short spans from each-other all attack the drs asking questions who had accounts for years etc that opened my eyes because all you need is common sense to see that is odd.

When people are attempted to be silenced it makes me listen to them more had those 300 fake accounts not come out of the woodwork to attack I may have still been on the fence but seeing how that was orchestrated instantly came to my attention. In fact I made an account and pointed it out and then the attacks started to fade because I pointed out to everyone hey look all these accounts saying people with questions are tin foil wearing crazies are fake and were literally ALL just made a few hours apart at most and ALL the ones with thoughtful intelligent questions had pictures with drs who verified their credentials etc hmmm interesting.

Like I said we think drs are smart enough to cut open our bodies and risk killing us to do surgery on us but dont think they are smart enough to recognize foul play? mmmhm very interesting you can trust these people with your lives but not trust their judgement that their colleagues are being murdered? everyone can believe what they like I guess.
