&gt; At this point the Liberals have the demographics to not really need conservatives though and that continues to significantly go in their favor.

This demographic just allowed Donald fucking Trump to get elected and lose both houses of congress, and this *after* a guy like Obama.  

&gt; So, I think your strategy represents that of someone with a low IQ.

LOL!

&gt; If you're a white male, you have the most to you lose by embracing polarisation at a point when you're about to not be the majority anymore. You are overestimating your influence and Power.

You are talking to me like I'm a Republican.  Who is it you're actually replying to?  You're accusing me of a low IQ and you apparently can't distinguish between a statement of fact and my own personal politics.  I haven't voted for a Republican in 4 elections.  I've voted for a Republican exactly one time in the past 7 elections I've been eligible to vote in.

&gt; The Republicans are constantly violent and make filing statements and clearly it does not really harm their base. At the end of the day people who vote regularly are still going to vote regularly and if they've only got one of two choices then they're going to make that choice.

The Republicans are constantly violent?  Constantly violent?  Really?  All of them?  Most of them?  How many?

&gt; So, I think Americans across the board, that is in both parties, should be getting angrier and more violent and out in the streets demonstrating that anger.

Yes because elections are won by running around like assholes in the streets.

&gt; White dudes with guns are killing more people than terrorists, and you think that liberals getting more violent is really going to amount to anything?

No I think the hard left is getting more violent, not liberals.  Get some reading comprehension skills.

&gt; Republicans call protesters violent and then turn their head to the far more dangerous and deadly problems that they've helped create through Decades of poor governing.

Yes unlike in cities like Chicago and Baltimore which have an excellent track record and essentially no Republicans.

&gt; This country belongs to the people and if they want to tear it up a little bit while they're protesting they should.

Just wanted to quote that to sort of underscore it.

&gt; We the people have the power and there is no limit to that power.

You have so much power, you got Donald Trump elected.  The left, nor even the center left, has any control over the executive, neither legislative body, nor even governorships by number, and they're losing the judiciary too.  It's embarrassing, or should be if people like you had any self consciousness or a mirror or something.

&gt; Not even the Constitution supersedes the power of the people, rather it focuses and amplifies it.

Smash some windows and burn some cars while the international banking system, the prison-industrial complex, the drug war, and the military continue doing what they do unabated and unaware of your childish street spectacles.

No previous generation of leftists has failed so utterly miserably, so badly, has lost so completely, as the current one.

For all your protests:

* The war in Afghanistan continues.

* The war in Iraq continues.

For all of the G20 protests and the Battle of Seattle

* The needle moved not an inch.

For all of the Occupy Wall Street shenanigans

* Banks rule, unabated, unaware, and unconcerned with park occupations.  Occupy Wall street is fading from memory.  Who even talks about it anymore.

As far as I know neither Antifa nor BLM has changed a single law or regulation when it comes to policing so far.  Not one.  

It's decades of 100% loss, and decades more to come.  The left cannot even get together a single general strike - their most powerful weapon - worth a shit.  They can't even get people to join unions.

Because the battle isn't won in the streets.  The powerful live in very high buildings where protesters look not even like ants and cannot be heard.  Then they get into limos.

The bottoms of their shoes never even touch the streets on which these tired and irrelevant spectacles take place.

The cars and businesses that burn are far from their gated communities and mansions.

No in power cares.  When Berkeley burns, all people do is roll their eyes.  No one in power gives a fuck about Berkeley or Portland, because they do not live in Berkeley or Portland.  "Protesters" don't even know where the fucking battlefield is.  They take out their rage on their own communities, like they did in the 60s when Watts burned.   You want to talk about low IQs, it's fucking up your own neighborhoods while everyone watches it on TV and cracks a beer.

But middle class voters, who could see their businesses or homes or cars go up in flames - they care.  So do the wage slaves who are out of wages because the shitty Starbucks they work in can't open because it's been vandalized.

You are a useful idiot of the ruling class.  Everything you advocate is *exactly what they want you to advocate.*  They do not even have to address your arguments or complaints.  They point to you as an extremist and a vandal and make you easily dismissible.  You are a fucking puppet.
