Well, let's be fair here.

It is indifference, 0, that goes to hatred, 60, in a few seconds of "acting above one's station."

What men are realizing is that women love class-based society, as long as they are the class on top.  Is the help looking at me? HARASSMENT! Is the help _talking to me_? HARASSMENT!!! Is the help _treating me as though I am an equal and not a superior_?? HELP!!! HELP!!!!  It's very easy to activate this sequence of behaviors, just talk to a woman and ignore her nonverbal cues to be quiet.  She'll immediately start feeling threatened even if all you're doing is talking about the weather, because _women feel frightened around men who won't obey them_.  

Women feel _incredibly threatened_ by men who won't obey them, even the "top tier chads" have been socialized by positive feedback from women to obey them, it's just how mammals learn, positive reinforcement.  So males who haven't had that positive reinforcement, women can recognize this, and they feel utterly terrified at being around a man who hasn't been "housebroken" by the other women.

The women do this collectively, IMO it is an emergent behavior of which they are _unaware_. They socialize the men collectively, so that the men remain docile and stupid and unaware that most of their labor goes to support the ruling gynocracy.  At the top of every historical caste system was women who got to, well, we don't really know what they do.  They didn't farm, they had peasants to farm.  They didn't make clothing, they had servants to do that.  They didn't nurse their babies, they had wetnurses to do that.  They didn't raise their kids, nannies to do that. So, I guess, ya, they'd squeeze out a child or two, but for society women, _that was the workload_!

With the demise of the monotheistic religions, most of which place women in this privileged position, you can bet women have been taking drastic measures!

Back in my University days, I went to a talk on islam put on by the islamic students---what was weird is how many islamic women there were there, I mean, these were young, University-educated women, so what gives?  The talk was basically about how women are given privileges that men are not in Sharia, like, for example, something to do with getting out of contracts.

Afterward, I had a frank conversation with a couple young muslim women, and they admitted quite directly that islam was, from a woman's point of view, a 'sweet deal.'  Men are trained that they have a duty to support women and children, basically from birth they're raised to be serfs to their wives/children.  I asked, quite pointedly, "so Islam is about controlling men, making them work for women?"  I got a bit of a giggle, but the answer was definitely a "yes."
