This post pretty much sums up everything the game needs to succeed. Unfortunately Daybreak isn't going to reply or take anything from it because they are just too deep into their delusions. What I think you should do is move on from the game because honestly, it is never going to go back to how it used to be and it will only end up dying, so you're only wasting your time. 

There's a lot of Daybreak fanboys in this subreddit that think the game is perfect and always give you shit whenever you give your opinion on the game and that's all Daybreak wants to see. They think these few morons speak for the majority of the community which they did not, it's just that the other people aren't as vocal. Go read the Reverse AMA, that's where a lot of people shared their opinion and views on the game. The first question which was something along the lines of, "What is one thing you want to return from PS3?" was filled with, "AR-15", "old recoil", "colors". The majority of people that posted there wanted things to be reverted and how did Daybreak respond to that? "We are going to be buffing the ar". Buffing. That alone shows it is not going to be as good as the old AR, it is only going to be a half assed change that isn't going to make anyone happy.

In conclusion, I think you should move on from this game and just accept its fate. As much as a lot of we wish, a change is not going to come because Daybreak doesn't want that to happen. Just the fact alone that they made such drastic and illogical changes to the game driving it to its current state gets to show how unaware and delusional they are about their game. They literally took a perfect, unique and competitive BR game, one of its kind and they threw it on the trash. Why did do that? Well they saw PUBG's sudden success and they decided that the game was going to try to become as much PUBG as it possibly could. And they fucking failed and I am glad they did, I hope they learned their lesson and I know they're gonna regret it when the game is standing at 10k players, which are going to be people dickriding them every single day in this subreddit saying the game is perfect or that you just need to adapt, fuck you. "Adapt", people have already adapted to this shithole of a game, they just don't prefer it because it's such a piece of garbage compared to how it used to be. I honestly would rather play Z1 with bugs and shitty FPS than this thing they call "H1Z1". This game lost itself the moment it made the first changed no one asked for. 

Take a moment to appreciate how better the game was in Z1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXsyxhZSOng&amp;t=638s

And PS3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es52N2rQQq4
