&gt; I had to re-reason out all of my beliefs from scratch, and couldn't defer to my religion to answer hard questions.

You can just as easily defer to the authority of a secular group of people as you can the authority of a church group.  You can just as easily reason your beliefs without deferring to religion while being a believer.

&gt; 1. Pregnancy continues to be a significant health risk, both physical and mental, even in western nations with modern medical facilities.

Pregnancy doesn't happen spontaneously.  The mother chooses to become pregnant.  It shouldn't be treated as a medical condition.  It's a baby, not cancer.

&gt; 2. As a reasoning, conscious, and healthy person, the mother has much more intrinsic value than her unborn child- who is unaware, unknowing and has a high risk of natural death.

The child doesn't have a high chance of natural death.  The child's risk of death over the next 30, 40, or 50 years is slower than the mother's risk.

A fat person is less valuable than a fit person?

A person's value is directly related to that person's intelligence?  Directly related to societies judgments of their beliefs... Some bringing the charge of unaware and unknowing while favorable beliefs are praised as reasonable and representative of higher awareness?

&gt; 3. Endangering another person's life, for the sake of a life with lesser value, is immoral. Even more so if you employ the violence of the State to do so.

Viewing someone as a lesser life is immoral, and killing them for being lesser is too.

&gt; I think all life has value, but the value discrepancy between the mother and her unborn child is too great a hurdle for me to justify threatening her or her physicians with violence.

Being violent to women and doctors isn't what the pro life people are about.  They are trying to prevent violence.

Should we go kill some gay guys because they obviously aren't aware that men were born to be with women, and also because they have a higher risk of death?  After all, you can't place the lower value life of a gay man against the high value of the straight man.  And, for some reason, somebody has to die.
