&gt;There's an ability to charge high prices because people have to pay, and the more unique your needs, the less reason there would be to try to mitigate those costs to meet market demands.

Price control and consumer rights. You're not allowed to overcharge someone for a procedure that doesn't cost that much when they're dying. We do this for other sections of the market, and it's better than communism/socialism approach of saying that the government has to care for you.

But let me add this really fast: What would you accept as legitimate evidence that non-free market solutions (socialism/communism) wouldn't be acceptable? Because we already know that governments with lots of power do not treat their citizens well, and as Bill Ivey said when speaking to John Podesta of the DNC:

&gt;[And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599)

And sure, maybe that's not enough to convince you that the people who run our government do not have our best interest. Maybe you have a problem with Trump, but still, you think he's just a fluke and that we give power to the government to take control of the medical industry as a whole. Read that last sentence again. If you are asking for single payer, or even large scale health insurance industry run by the government, you are asking for the government to take over an industry because you think it has failed. You do not want to give the government that power, as anyone from a communist country will tell you, it will lead to the deaths of millions eventually. Maybe that's hyperbolic, but we have the countless examples of this happening backing that statement up. If government is allowed to take over a section of the market, why wouldn't they use it? Seriously? Good morals? Ha. What a fucking joke. No, they'll do what they want, and the only thing stopping them is us voting in policies that will keep them in check. Seriously, this is not something you want to put in.
