It's a bit ridiculous to think that a birthday is some magical thing that suddenly confers the ability to make adult decisions for yourself,

With the "too drunk to have sex" you aren't just looking to see whether a person was intoxicated,  you are looking to see whether the person was intoxicated to a point where they were no longer coherent and able to understand their choices and actions. 

My point is that determining how alcohol affects a person's coherency and ability to understand isn't 100% objective. You said," Ideally, from a legal standpoint, everyone who has been drinking would have to take a breathalyser to prove they aren't impaired before engaging in sex, but that isn't going to happen." That's the thing, you aren't just measuring whether they are intoxicated. You are measuring whether they are aware and coherent to understand the nature of their actions. Even a breathalsyer won't tell you that because a person at .10 can be very drunk but still be aware and a person at .04 who is sensible to alcohol can be unaware and incoherent. Because the same amount of alcohol can affect people differently. Behavior and even a breathalyzer isn't 100% objective to determine.   Many men do not "walk funny" or "text funny" but can wake up the next day and not remember anything.  People who you would think were aware are not. People who you think are trashed are actually aware.  Diagnosing whether somebody is coherent to understand their actions is not like diagnosing somebody to see whether they have the flu or chicken pox. 

How can you know better than me whether I was aware and coherent to understand my choice?  

&gt; It's a bit ridiculous to think that a birthday is some magical thing that suddenly confers the ability to make adult decisions for yourself,

I never said this. But are you arguing that adults can and should never be able to make decisions for themselves? There is a third party hercules who knows better than him/her?

&gt; How do you handle the case of someone consenting and then recanting the next day, claiming they were too impaired to know what they were doing?

I never said it was 100% subjective. I just said it wasn't 100% objective. 

In most of these situations, you are looking to see whether somebody was coherent enough to understand, not the negative.  If I am telling you I *was*. 

Similar to when the prosecution is looking to see whether a person had the intent to kill somebody. It's one thing if the person is denying and the prosecution is looking for objective evidence to prove there was intent.  But what if the person just comes in and says, "yes, I intended to do it" it wasn't a mere accident. Does the prosecutor not believe him and look for evidence that he didn't do it on purpose?




