When I was 17 I was fat, felt horrible with myself, had no self-esteem, drunk a lot and smoked weed constantly. My concrete thoughts on commiting suicide came when I was about 12/13, but I had an uneasy feeling about life even before that. I think that as a child I was just younger and unaware that suicide was something that existed, therefor it took me 13 years to learn about it.

About your age I started doing some other drugs, too. I felt alone and terribly isolated. Luckily I met someone who shared the idea of suicide, with whom I’d meet up and plan it out. Talking always helped us get through it.

I got a shitty job at 19, lasted about six months, heavily abusing substances all the while. Went away with some money I managed to save/they payed me when fired without motive and a tent. Had a mental breakdown in the misdle of a desert. Started seeing things that weren’t there. Went back to drinking, started smoking crack.

Dropped crack one day. I asked some 11 year olds that were smoking it to get me to the dealers house and after buying some shared a bit with them. Then while smoking it realized how fucked up that was.

That was five years ago. I had some issues after giving up crack and returning to my hometown that made me try for the first time to live sober. I managed to months back then.

For the past five years I drank heavily, while simultaneously achieving some small goals. For the most part, I was still depressed and hopeless. That changed about a year ago. I had a dream of being by the side of my paternal grandmother on her deathbed (she still lives, suffers alzhaimer’s, and lived depressed since I can recall) and saying to her that everything would be fine, that she could pass away in peace, that I had found the way out of the cycle, that there was no longer need for sorrow. I’ve held on to that dream, in hopes of making it a reality.

For the past year, I’ve slowly managed to feel a bit better. But it’s something I have to work on daily, and it’s hard. But it makes me feel better than what I was doing before.

One weekend I decided to buy a keyboard with the money I would’ve wasted on booze, started learning to play it. It eases my mind. I started reading again. I started running and lost about 25kg. I try and be thankful for what I have instead of always fixating on bad shit. I try to appreciate every moment of calm or happines I get, and through that I get some more moments each day. Before I only noticed the times when I felt bad.

I have the hope that I can recover, be better, be good, be reliable and able to help others in need. I know I’ll fight to achieve those goals even if I don’t manage to fulfil them, even if death comes before I can, because I realized that death will come eventually, and this will all be over. I don’t need to rush it. In the meantime, all I get is a bonus.

I hope the best for you, friend.
