I just watched the video for the first time.

With the benefit of hindsight we now know that this is a tragic situation where officers responded to the report of an armed man aiming a rifle out the window of a hotel (sound familiar?) Only to find a young man who was just intoxicated and showing off with his work tools. We also know the cop that shot him is an idiot who doesn't have enough common sense to keep bullshit tacticool gear off of his work tools.

However...

If I was in Shaver's position and I was armed and I wanted to try to win a gun fight with cops, I would do exactly what looks like he did. I would first test them by disobeying an instruction early on, then readily and eagerly obey further instructions to first test them and then bring their guard down a little. I would then obscure my gun side with my body and attempt to draw quickly and disable them before they killed me so I could attempt to escape.

The officers don't have the benefit of the hindsight. They only have what they know. What they knew is that somebody said somebody in that room was armed and they had to check it out and take it seriously. They also have training and experience that includes watching gunfights and learning how cops lose them and thus how not to lose.

How do I know what I would do to increase my chances of winning a gunfight in Shaver's position? Because my Peace Officer Standards and Training Academy covered these issues. I saw what works for the cops and what works for the crooks. Shaver, while innocent and unaware that his actions looked threatening, absolutely 100% beyond all doubt looks exactly like a person who's using an known technique to shoot cops.

He is an innocent man and I morn his passing. I think the cop who shot him should be barred from police work for his dust cover alone.

None of that changes the fact this is a good shoot. The only difference between this controversial shoot and a clearly righteous shoot is that the Shaver was not in fact armed and didn't intend to shoot these cops.

At the time, the cops have no way to know his intent or whether or not he was armed. If the don't shoot and he's armed and intent to fire, then there is a good chance they've made widows and orphans out of their wives and children. If they do shoot and he's not armed then an innocent man is dead.

When you are in a life or death situation and it's a gamble, there's not enough information to know if you're right or wrong and you have to make a bet based on what you know and what you see and you're little gambling with lives...

Do you risk your life or the other  guy's?
