I posted this elsewhere. Hopefully, I can post it here too. I'm an AW married to an AM and watching this video made me uneasy. Natalie seems great. I don't have a problem with IR and didn't know it was a big thing in some places. Majority of AM are with AW out in the world and where I live. I know there's a possibility my children will have an IR and my husband and I don't have a problem with that. I've always been very proud of my identity and raise my children to be the same. I've read that African American women have the highest self-esteem. I think Asians are like that. My children think being Asian is cool, especially now with the travel, food, actors, singers, directors, boy/girl bands and rappers. I've never felt inferior to any race. I actually think Asians and POC are the most beautiful. Caucasians are also very beautiful. I think I'm normal. I think most Asians are this way. I grew up watching western media in America but I also grew up among strong proud AW and AM. Asians at my schools were the popular ones. I admired and appreciated Kurosawa, Tran Nữ Yên Khê, Ang Lee, Bruce Lee, Wong Kar Wai, Gong Li, Joan Chen, Tran Anh Hùng, Zhang Yimou, Jet Li, Won Bin, Jang Dong Gun, John Lone, Song Kang Ho, Yunjin Kim, Russell Wong, Jason Scott Lee, Sung Kang, Justin Lin, John Cho, Jackie Chan, Chow Yun Fat, Ming Na Wen, etc. I had crushes on a lot of the Asian actors. I was amazed at some American films only to find out recently they were copies of the Asian originals.

I had some issues with the portrayal of AM in the video. Pictures, cartoons, images of Mickey Rooney and the actor in Sixteen Candles. Historical and cultural references but they were there. I remember these images and it didn't bother me but now I'm more aware. The war pictures and propaganda were ugly and violent contrasted with the peaceful image of Natalie and her SO walking. Image and perception is everything. It's horrible that Natalie has these type of hateful comments and harassment directed at her. I believe these comments come from a tiny minority of AM. Most AM are not this damaging. Now when people say I'm an AM or AW online and write something toxic or abrasive, I have to question their identity. There are instances of non Asian people appropriating our identities.

The "experts" in the video say valid things but have some baggage and controversy. Why were these experts chosen? And it was negative portrayal after the other. Why was so much of the focus on bitter Asian men when they are in the minority and not on the dynamics of the relationship itself? I think it wasn't an evenhanded approach. I can't imagine the fear and outrage Natalie must have gone through receiving these messages. I worry about my daughter receiving this type of harassment. But this sends the message that Asian men, for the most part, are to blame and they're the ones dysfunctional. Which is simply not true for the majority of Asian men. I think I read that Natalie couldn't reach others for an interview. Phil at the end eased my worries to a degree. I love Phil and I love his team. They're doing great things and we need more creators like them. 

The reason why I'm passionate about Asian issues is I'm a mother of Asian children. I wouldn't want them to watch this video. I felt the earlier parts of the video regurgitate how the western media portrays AM. I don't think impressionable young people should watch this video. It doesn't help the divide between some AW and AM and it might actually be harmful. I read some of the comments on YT and they were very divisive, toxic and full of self-hate and entitlement coming from all races. Having this type of video and seeing some of the hateful comments perpetuate the idea that AW only exist to cater to certain men. This leads to violence against AW and AM. This has been more in the news and I think it's dangerous. And there were comments from AM saying they should give up and believe they are inferior to other men. This is so sad. You have to realize that these AM could be our brothers, fathers, and sons. What caused these men to think this way? Is it a matter of being strong and learning to question and fight everything that harms them? I know it's hard with the western media. But some AM were appreciative. I don't know. I didn't realize until recently that media is pervasive and causes white worship/self hate. I ached to see people like us in media and was happy to see Asian talent but it was rare. Now I'm bothered when there's no diversity and I refuse to watch. I've had a couple of instances when AW said something negative about AM knowing I'm married to an AM. The former was when I was young and unaware and the latter I asked the friend why she felt this way? She really didn't have an answer. I have to rethink my choices. Why do I read books mainly from non Asian authors? Things like that. I used to think Hollywood is progressive and it's all about the money. Now i realize there are those who want us in our place, depicted as weak, ugly, unnecessary and something to laugh at. This is why we need to create and support our own content. I used to read articles from people that I admired saying we are dirty, uncivilized and not to be trusted. I boycott a lot of media now when I used to watch everything. I can't say enough that we have to make the choice to be aware, absorb materials besides western media and appreciate Asian content. Asian influence is everywhere. You can seek it out. The world is smaller. And it's amazing. I see more non Asians including my friends loving Asian media.

You have to raise your children to love their Asian culture. Otherwise, it can be a loss to their self worth and mental health. I personally know some Asian girls who are struggling and I tell their mothers to teach their girls to embrace their culture. Reading a lot of personal stories from fellow Asians who are struggling made me realize that growing up in a positive Asian community is extremely important.

