Amateurs! I once took 60mg of 4-ACA-DMT on an empty stomach with a shot of vodka and a glass of OJ. After puking my guts up in the sink I realized I was no longer in this reality. I was still in my apartment, but there were dozens of shadow people piled into my place. I tried to get back to my room but they were mostly crowded near my door. It was terrifying. It looked like they were watching a peep show. Or like starving homeless piled up next to a heated entryway trying to stay warm. 

They were ice cold. Not just cold, but they were a void of warmth. I noticed that getting close to them sucked the warmth out of me. And as I realized this they noticed me. There weren’t any in my room, oddly enough, and it was like they weren’t able to go inside, lending to the feeling that they were observing me like I was some kind of tv show or something. But when I tried to go back in my room I realized I was already in there. Still in bed, likely tripping and drowning on my own vomit that I tripped I had puked in the sink.

Then I tried to go in the room. I couldn’t my wife open door was impossible toncroos through. The things stealing my warmth had someone made me one of them and I was trapped outside and unable to get back to my body. I pounded on an invisible barrier over and over. Panicking I lept toward the open door and sailed into the room. Knocking the shit out of myself in the process. I slowly got up off the floor, a horribly painful process. 

I’d gotten away from the shadow people but they had taken their toll on me. My energy was sapped and I could barely move. I sat on the bed and realized the energy draining hadn’t stopped. I was feeling older and older. I realized that I was not a man in his early thirties, instead I was ancient. Older than time it felt. At this point the illusion that is the physical world around us melted away. It was like removing a skin on a video game, and the common items in my room were no longer common. Writing was now kanji. Led lights floated and twinkled around singing a strange song. And a pair of lights one red and one green, filled the room. The lights were kanji. They were measuring my karma. I had been a terrible person apparently. I was shrunk to incredibly small size, my life and all my lives laid out in front of me. I was dying my final death. And I would witness all the hells this universe has to offer. And I did. Over and over. 

I tried to get my bearings and reduce my anxiety and steer the trip to a better lace but this wasn’t going to happen. I  noticed a strange sound and looked outside. I witnessed a terrifying reality. Billions of slaves lulled into a stupor, convinced they were alive but they were not. They were food. A horrible monstrosity hovered above us all. A hideous spider working furiously to spin a billion fake realities together to keep its food alive and unaware that they were being fed upon. Injecting its eggs into them to explode and feast upon our remains. And then I realized that I had always known this, and i have simple refused to accept it. And for that I was a betrayer. I betrayed the billions of those unaware of this living hell and so I am damned. 

Then it got bad. While I was focused on this glowing green space spider god, one of the shadow people had apparently made its way into my room. It struck me and threw me to the floor. It lifted my entire bed off the floor and kicked me under it and then slammed it down on top of me over and over. I was then flipped over and pinned under the bed. It showed me even more horrible things than the hells I witnessed before. I felt an ice cold point stabbing in the back of my neck. If I moved it would surely kill me. A song came into my head . Something I knew by heart but had never heard. The song was about my betrayal. It was a song that I needed to know. The only way to save myself was the final verse. If only I could remember the last line! I dug through my mind struggling to remember. It wouldn’t come to me. I was going to die and that was it. I had done this to myself. The thing in the room with me showed me a set of rules. It reminded me that it has shown them to me when I was a child or even before I was born. How easy it was to pretend they weren’t there. How easy it was to forget that we were all being judged and I had been judged the worst. The icey blade pushed in harder setting my mind on fire. Pain burned through my entire being. It whispered to me “ you’ve lost, you are the worst, and this is your fitting end.” And as I edged near the end of my existence, as I felt the very end of my being and the last drops of energy inside me slowly die, head the song play its final chord, the shadow said, “ Nah I’m just fucking with you!” The blade vanished, it flipped me over and a searing point of light blasted into my forehead and it exploded out of me in a huge geometric pattern. Circling around me in an uncomprehensible blur. And then things started going back to “normal.”


