Wall of text: TL; DR, yes, I stayed stuck through most of 11 years of sobriety previously. My experience in getting unstuck meant a commitment to becoming more self-aware, self-compassionate, and out-focused. 

I am not an addictions specialist by any means but I do have a background in behavioral science. I’ll tell you how I look at my own process through that lens— alcohol was, for me, a way of numbing myself out around a variety of issues. When I was younger, it helped me repress childhood trauma. As a young adult (and an older adult), it provided a slight easing of my social anxiety. In the last few years of my drinking (I had a six year relapse after over 11 years sober), I drank to not feel my anger, sadness and other emotions around infidelity by my spouse and the general emptiness of that 25+ year relationship.  (If you look for Monday’s Quote, you’ll see I found a passage in a book I’m reading that was relevant to that.)

During my 11 years of sobriety, I wouldn’t necessarily say that I was fully committed to *recovery*, and there’s a big difference between the two. In sobriety, I maintained **many** of those old, stuck patterns. Maybe my anger didn’t get as big, maybe my other emotions and behaviors weren’t so destructive, but I never unwound how they got there in the first place. I intellectually knew some of it, but I couldn’t think my way out of something I had lived my way into (i.e. my stuck patterns). I first had to understand them and then work on developing both an idea of how they served me (because they did or I wouldn’t have done them), how they held me back, which was more powerful, and if I wanted something different, what was it? If I didn’t know, then I couldn’t take action to create it. 

That led me to sobriety work, therapy and meditation. Sobriety work because, well, doh. SD is my faithful companion for that part of the journey and books and podcasts (I don’t do AA). 

Therapy to unwind the faulty beliefs about my lack of worthiness (still working on it).  Meditation to understand that my mind has a mind of its own and I don’t necessarily have to belief everything I think. It helped me have more mindfulness about my thoughts, actions, and how I *want* to be in the world. I slowly develop compassion for those parts of myself that are still stuck and unaware. And the more I focus on being in service to others, the less I stay in my little narcissistic world (which is where most of my stuck was comes from). 

So that’s a long way of saying yes, I stayed stuck, even when sober, for a fucking long time, then I got drunk again for six years and then I finally was done with both. 
