Here's a secret:

Most people have no fucking lives. Or, at least, none important enough to warrant really slow replies. 

When people reply slowly, it's because a) they don't care about you, or (more commonly) b) they're doing it on purpose for some reason (and there can be a few). 

How am I sure of this?

Because I actually HAVE a life that requires me to be away from my phone. I am busy for most of my day, mostly because of having to schedule in meditation and exercise on top of work, and those two things are VERY important to me. Side note: Meditate, it WILL change your life. 

When I go out with people, hang out with them, see their true selves in their homes, relaxing, I consistently find that they all HAVE NO LIVES. NOTHING. They're all just following the motions, doing the usual, like e v e r y o n e else. 

They all just move from distraction to distraction, not knowing what the fuck they're doing. Let's go party! Let's Snapchat everything! Let's do some drugs! Let's watch stupid, mind-numbing TV! Lets play video games! Let's waste our lives by avoiding the  fact that we're all afraid to sit still and face the terrifying emptiness of our lives. 

Ask yourself, really, why do you do the things you do? Do you really want to be going to school? To that class? To that job? How many other things would you rather be doing? Why aren't you doing them? Do you know who you are, or what would make you truly fulfilled and happy in life? Why don't you? Isn't that an important question? 

Why did you come here to Reddit and vent this? Isn't it a pretty pointless thing to do? Couldn't you be doing something more productive (yes, definitely)? But what's the point, really, of doing ANYTHING? 

The point is to distract yourself because, if you don't, you'll go insane. Try it, try to sit still without moving for an hour. Easy, right? No, you can't do it, you won't do it. Why can't you do something so simple? It's pathetic. By why can't you? It's not because you don't have the time. It's not because there is no point to it. It's not because it's harmful. So why don't you just do it? It's just an hour! 

Because you have no control over yourself. You do not realize what you are. You are unaware that you are unaware. You are lost in an illusion, wandering aimlessly for decades until death. You will die without knowing anything about existence. 

It all stems from the fact that you are avoiding your issues without knowing, and these issues come from a place deep within you that you do not take the time to understand. And that place is unknown to you because you are COMPLETELY ASLEEP and unaware that you are unaware, but you are wholly convinced that you know what the fuck you're doing. 
