Im curious about something and not sure if it matters but here goes. Are most so gung ho about disclosure because we want our suspicions validated so we can believe that we believe or is it for vindication in part so that we can rest at ease knowing the nay sayers are wrong and we can kind of gloat about it all. Personally im a a believer as much as im a believer in the fact that i can inhale oxygen to live but i dont rely on any politician to decide what i believe under any circumstances because ive always held firm a blanket belief that regardless of who they are or what they stand for they just simply cannot be trusted for the most part to tell the truth. The most you get is double speak or some sound bite of pacification to satsify the crowd so they blindly begin to believe that theyve just gotten a clue as to what the big picture really is. Not to mention and its a matter of history that we always get the "version" of the truth that best affects the course of our futures so long as its given to us by them. So why do most turn to politicians for truth? Im assuming there are a great number of people that are completely obedient and unaware that there is anything more than their cars bills homes etc. Thats fine its their big picture and probably easier to navigate than the universe of problems beyond this planet but there are growing numbers of aware people and really keen whitty logical people who only live out side the box who still believe the majority of you tube videos regarding the subject and there are some high end classy yet fake videos out there but alot are fake. Not to bash you tube but they are owned i believe by google and last i checked tech conglomerates are pretty shady sometimes because someone pulls their strings its a fact..we read and see and llisten to and digest every morcel they decide  to provide us. The umbrella is far reaching here folks and a happy informed population represents a challenge for a totalitarian system because we dont need their truths because they lie alot. Kennedy wanted to blow the lid off as did reagan and did it happen? Nope. Theres a new system in order now and its target is dumming people down and inciting hatred and creating poverty it doesnt look at this point in time like this is all chaos this is controlled demolition and disclosure is not in the cards.there are plenty of theories about everything and i listen to absolutely every single one of em and digest all the facts but i never believe everything said and its on principle and only so i can remain impartial to see patterns or common themes or cenarios suddenly.from that there is a different picture that becomes apparent but again everything changes. Wholly fuck i rambled one off lol. Any thoughts about this just curious feel free to shit on what i said to pick it apart as everything is food for thought
