Interesting ... 

It seeems like you have been through the same things I'm going through but in the past " I used, I have been through this" etc.
I find my words funny too at times because it's absurd. x)

&gt; expressing anger

Sometimes I show my anger through sounds, making things but I end up crying.

&gt; Classic:ok_hand ?

&gt; Fi- Te.

I I believe I use my Fi more, I read somewhere that this causes the introversion and connects ENFPs to their introverted side...?
I have also read that ENFPs can "shut down" their Intuition and only use Fi during depression and that after that(depression, when they come out, out of depression) they will use their Te.
Have you hear about these, If there's more to add feel free to let me know.

To be honest I don't know the major differences between when it comes to decision making Fi- Te and Fe-Ti.
Any examples you can give?

&gt; ENFPs mysterious.
Ahaha sounds like you have met the "real" extroverted ones.

See, your telling me that you hardly find ENFPs mysterious but this what I get all the time "you're mysterious, your not open, you're  introverted", If I add this with the INFJ traits I have, I sound like INFJ even to myself.

Ahaha I can definitely relate to this, this-&gt; that-&gt; ... etc.

&gt; How is it when it comes to their smartness and intelligence ? What you said about ENFPs relating to this " because they have been through this". I can relate to things and make assumptions even when I have not been through it.
Is being smart common for ENFPs? What about intelligence I mean there different types of smart but I get " judge situations" smart, I'll know what the other person want, how they are feeling, I get vibes and I easily read different " situations" and feelings where most people are unaware and oblivious.
Of course there I are times I'm unaware but it's when I'm distracted with something or thinking about something but I mostly pay attention.
I have also heard that I am intelligent so I wondered in what way it could be. I believe I have emotional intelligence.

&gt; " I'm a bystander "

This was what I tried to explain, I feel both sides, I can't take ones side because I see where they are coming from so for me they are almost equally right and wrong but at times there are big differences.
However if one of them uses bad language.. I don't take her/his side. I loose respect for me people that use bad language especially if it's my first impression of someone.
If something bad happens I usually know why.

&gt;  "Easier to organize through text, conversation"

I write my thoughts and feelings in my diary. If I want to organize I talk to myself when I'm all by myself otherwise I ask for my mothers, friends opinion but I don't tell them that it's me maybe if I wan to.

I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression  3 years ago but I had this way before I was diagnosed, we just didn't know about it.
However I believe I don't have it now, I get depressed times to times but not as much, stressed and worried.
I have also traumas from my childhood.

I got 4w5 [SP] This might help.


 


