

&gt; To be honest I don't know the major differences between when it comes to decision making Fi- Te and Fe-Ti. Any examples you can give?

I gave you the links on the phrase "this video" on the my previous post... It'll tell you what you want to find out. 

&gt; See, your telling me that you hardly find ENFPs mysterious but this what I get all the time "you're mysterious, your not open, you're introverted", If I add this with the INFJ traits I have, I sound like INFJ even to myself.


Their subjective perception while valid, doesn't seem to be align with your perception of mysterious. You might think INFJs are mysterious, they might think ENFPs are mysterious. It really doesn't mean they're mysterious in the same way. It just means they are mysterious to them. It's not an objective word. Both types can be mysterious to a person who have never been exposed to or dealth with an ENFP's more calm and internally intense side. When we associate mysterious we need to realise INFJs are rare and their inner workings are different than most people therefore it is not 'normal' in relation to the society. ENFPs are easy to me because we go by (with exceptions) similar inner working and it's very easy to have matching ideals. It doesn't mean everyone else should or could think that way. It's completely subjective. You are free to think this trait are more suitable to INFJs but please let the benefit of the doubt sink in that you are weird in an interesting way to someone else that they haven't thought about before. 


&gt;How is it when it comes to their smartness and intelligence ? What you said about ENFPs relating to this " because they have been through this". I can relate to things and make assumptions even when I have not been through it. Is being smart common for ENFPs? What about intelligence I mean there different types of smart but I get " judge situations" smart, I'll know what the other person want, how they are feeling, I get vibes and I easily read different " situations" and feelings where most people are unaware and oblivious. Of course there I are times I'm unaware but it's when I'm distracted with something or thinking about something but I mostly pay attention. I have also heard that I am intelligent so I wondered in what way it could be. I believe I have emotional intelligence.



I don't believe types have anything to do with intelligence. How do we even measure it? IQ (heavily skewed towards NTs)? Exams (Memorise all the answers and formats)? Trivial knowledge (enthusiasm and curiosity)? Language? Emotional? 

Humans are capable or learning and mastering a skill if they spend enough time and effort into it, who is to say intelligence can't be cultivated? IMO it has no correlation -- thinkers just have more practice for their whole lives in their thinking functions and vice versa. I've met dumb INTPs and smart ESFPs. 

I don't want to say you are your illness, but going through a Psychological illness such as Anxiety and Depression is going to mellow you out. Speaking from experience here. I'm 4w5 SO/SX.

