&gt; How am i supposed to flank with a tank which can barely reach 30 km/h on roads while the enemy has M18s? Also i'm mostly getting games where Japan is with the Allies, go figure.

If Japan matches with the Allies that means that it has to be US/UK/JPN versus GER/RUS/FRA.  US/UK/FRA/JPN vs GER/RUS match ups don't happen, and everyone versus GER doesn't happen.  In that case if German tankers are getting murdered at a disproportionately higher rate than everyone else, it further proves it is just user error on German tanks part.  

Also, you don't need to be as fast as an M18 to flank on most maps.  In fact most tanks can flank pretty easily on all but the biggest maps and then even on the largest maps, since sight lines are so long its not hard to just flank slower and counter faster moving tanks.  And flanking doesn't necessarily have to mean going to the edge of the map or even being the first one out there.  If you drive out somewhere to meet an M18, and the M18 is pre-engaged with someone else you'll catch them off guard and since youre likely in a tank with armor, you'll probably win.  Not to mention simply playing defensively and pushing slowly, keeping an eye on your flanks, or moving in such a way that prevents flanking can stonewall tanks like the M18.  They're not some uncounterable beasts, it's pretty straight forward and German tankers seemingly refuse to do it in anything but an RU 251.  

&gt; Allied teams can be just as oblivious

That's just players in this game.  But Germans are still disproportionately more unaware and blind than other nations.  Its not uncommon at all to begin shooting a group of German tanks in the side and have none of them react and instead continually shoot at others while their allies around them all die mysteriously fast.  

&gt; That's what i'm trying to argue while being downvoted.

Except you're not?  You're blaming post-war tanks, you're blaming OP tanks, you're blaming underperforming German tanks, but not once before have you said it's due to the diversity that an allied line up gets.  OP flat out states its bullshit how your Tiger fights post-war tanks.  

And if you're struggling to get kills in German SPAA, the literal best SPAA in the entire game until you get to tier VI stuff, I have no idea what to tell you.  React faster, pay attention to targets, idk.  German SPAA is freakishly fucking good and the Wirbelwind could be 6.0, Ostwind 6.3, and Sdkfz 6/2 4.0 with literally 0 issue.  
