I'm not really one for EUs, fanfiction isn't really my thing, but I figured I'd try one out, so without further ado...

_

The screeching sound of scraping metal grew nearer to the castle exit. Trails of flying sparks were the only form illumination in the dark hall. The Koopa Army watched as a familiar face stepped out into the light, behind him he dragged a massive spiked shell.

He tossed the shell forward. "I have killed your king! I am now, Koopa King!" Mario walked past the shell approaching the group. They stood together and menacingly stared at him. "And next is the Mushroom Kingdom." He smiled. They all exchanged confused glances but slowly returned their gaze to Mario and kneeled. He turned from them and began walking down the path. "Come." He commanded.

He brought them to a familiar yellow brick. The symbol of a question mark glowed inside. Mario simply pointed to the block and gestured that a Koopa come forward. The Koopa jumped, failing to reach the block.

Mario shook his head and held out a hand. "Your shell." He demanded. The Koopa, looking with horror, removed his shell and handed it to Mario. Gripping the shell Mario walked below the block and tossed the shell up into it. The tone sounded and from within the block and mushroom ejected. He handed the Koopa back his shell and had him stand still for the mushroom. When the mushroom collided with the Koopa he yelled and grew until he stood taller than Mario.

"This," Mario yelled, "Is a mystery block,  loyal servants of the toadstool throne secretly plant these powerful items inside to assit me in my mission. Though they make sure that the Koopa Army is unaware and incapable of receiving them, I have taught you how."

A larger Koopa stepped forward from the group, he had a belt of hammers hanging around his hips. "What are your orders King?" The Hammer Bro asked. Mario reached into his pocket and removed and small glass square. Inside the square was a picture of a flower.

"Here." Mario handed the Hammer Bro the square. "Crush it." The Hammer Bro dropped the square on the ground and stomped on it. A cone of flame erupted around him startling the group. Quickly the flames dissipated revealing a Koopa with a red helmet around his head and a bright red shell. "Send a troop to every world and begin collecting these powers." He handed him a stack of squares. "Give each group one of these if they touch the item with it, it seals the power within." He stared up at the castle. "Also, start up the airships, I'd like to go for a ride."

The troop of Koopas broke away to carry out the orders they'd been given. Mario walked along the road in silence staring at the clouds. He stopped in front of the castle and looked at Bowser's shell. Removing an item slot from his pocket he pressed it against the shell. A whirling stream of air surrounded the shell and pulled it inside forming the image of a spiked shell in the square. Mario tucked the square away and headed inside.

"Your airship is ready my King." A Koopa announced upon his arrival.

"Excellent." Mario announced and made his way on board. The ceiling above them folded away and the massive ship rose into the sky. Mario walked to the front of the ship and stared across the horizon. He turned to face the crowd. "Tell the other ships to set off for the other worlds, plunder the toad houses and steal their items. We need as much as we can get. We'll go the the second world for now there's something I need."

The Hammer Bro from before approached Mario. "King Koopa." He saluted. "Soon the Koopalings will be in full health again. What do you plan to do about them?"

"When the time comes, I will deal with them. For now just take us to our destination."

"Aye, King!" The Ice Bro shouted.

Mario stepped up onto the bow of the ship. In the distance the Toadstool castle became visible through the clouds. Mario smiled as the castle grew nearer. In a harsh and menacing tone he spoke, "It's a me *Mario*."

_

r/TheoreticalFictions
