Science is limited in finding the truth of the human experience. It is great, actually the only way to find out physical properties of things - the elements, atoms, etc. We use science to create machines that early humans could never dream of, to make our lives more convenient than ever in human history. We live longer, we have heat, light, AC, airplanes and cures to diseases due to science. Science is formidable and the only to find the 'truth' of the physical attributes of solid objects.

But science says nothing about say.. the great novels of human history and how it shaped us as humans. Grapes of Wrath, Moby Dick, the protons and electrons involved in the physical books say nothing about the life lessons found in each. And science runs counter to human experience often.

For example, why do we 'love,' love our children or why should we love our neighbours? All they do is use up valuable resources that will impede our own survival. The argument of a scientific basis of morality, I find very lacking. We supposedly 'love' because this will allow us to survive because it's better to take care of each other? This sounds like special pleading, the clear and basic way to survive is to kill off the competitors, without exception.

But no one does. Everyone loves their kids, everyone is emotional and values things, which in a purely naturalism based world would be infinitely inefficient and pointless. Why even take care of your kids in this context? So the human race can survive? Why does that even matter, we should just be doing all we can to survive on our own and when we're dead, we're dead. Humanity's lifespan is objectively finite anyway.

Yet no one lives like this, everyone without exception holds on to things that are irrational objectively - taking care of your babies, taking care of handicapped people, old people. This is what defines the human experience, not looking at molecules in a microscope. Indeed most people on this earth live their lives quite unaware and unconcerned with the topic of science.

Stuff like this leads me to believe in God. No, God cannot be perceived by the five senses, but neither can any emotion (you can only see chemical changes in the brain). God also produces chemical changes in the brain and much more. It was a long path but I can't be an atheist anymore, it's an impossibility for me. 
