I’m a female on the autism spectrum... sometimes my meltdowns look like temper tantrums, especially because I am usually nicely dressed (not typical for spectrum, so i look like stuck up bitch).

I also have ankylosing spondylitis, and nerve damage from a shitty spine surgeon.

After living in dallas for 15 years I decided I finally needed to meet my family at the state fair. After finding a place to park my sister notifies me that I have to meet them on the opposite side since she has the tickets. I start to try and walk around without going outside of the gate because their are sketchy people and crazy ass drivers trying to find parking. 

So I make it to dead end, and I start trying to ask for directions, get frustrated, and start to appear belligerent, so the people threaten to have me arrested if I do not turn around and go back. So I give up and approach a (older decorated guy) DPD, in a lifeguard looking chair, for help. I explain my situation. He tells me I cannot get through the park w/o purchasing a ticket, I fell the ‘no shit Sherlock’ coming up, but ask him if there is anyone who can help me, or any way. He tell me no, He cannot help me, I have to walk around the fenced grounds ( if you have not seen the state fairgrounds, it’s no small field, I usually interact with it in small pieces). I informed him I was autistic and situationally unaware, and also cannot walk that far with nerve damage to my back and leg. He told me he couldn’t help me, that wasn’t his job.

This is when I started to loose it. I asked him what his  job was, and he said it was to watch the booths for thieves... I asked all sorts of shit: he couldn’t find someone to help me, he couldn’t tell me where I could go to find someone else to help me, there wasn’t anyone here who could help me.... in perfect timing a couple brought up their CHL for him to inspect (which apparently WAS a part of his job) and my sister calls and my meltdown/ tantrum is complete: I start hyperventilating and crying.  This is when they guy says ok I can call a car for you. By then my sister had calmed me down and told me to just go home: there were too many people and too much walking ( in nice terms). I was walking away and flipped him off. Tantrum-meltdown complete.

Not the first time I’ve had a crying meltdown in public, but definitely my worst.
