The fact that we have empathy for Will and Hannibal in this show is no accident.  It's not merely two attractive men in fancy clothes serving each other soup.  It is a very well weaved tapestry changing what the word Killer means for this show:

What a killer is in this show is far far away from what a killer is out of this show.  This is not just for Will and Hannibal, but Every Killer in the show.  
~

So in this post I will break down how killing and empathy are linked by breaking down the killers in season 1 of the show.

Killer Empathy:  
Killer 1: Will says emotionally that this killer was trying to apologize for what he'd done.  We see a bed, and there is a tenderness.  Next scene Will is in the Shining bathroom as he admits to Jack that this is killer who cares.  
Which makes him empathetic.  Jack asks the question we are subconsciously asking, how is that possible?  Will gives no answers like the show will continue to unfurl this out.  
(there is also the antler thing being used as a healing aid, this I think subconsciously also contradictorally puts the antlered creatures including the Ravenstag as a healing creature and thus very slyly making Hannibal more empathetic as well).  

(Hidden Killer 2: copy cat is the exact opposite, conceited, mocking, heartless. Hannibal is also the one differentiates himself from all other killers often in ways that make him the brutalist. More on this later.)

Killer 3: A man who is lonely and tries to connect with people by killing to them and listening through spores. Anyways that implies he's an extremely lonely and broken killer and thus empathetic.

Killer 4: Abigail kills Boyle. Hannibal tells her this cannot be seen as self defense and before that Crawford was highly suspicious of her.  In reality I doubt that the FBI would be quick at all to be suspicious of a child in murders in this situation and if they were, they would assume it was from extreme parental abuse. In the show world she is pretty much treated like an adult using her childlike nature against authorities to manipulate them.  Anyways, a female child who has been subjected to possibly severe trauma under threat is empathizeable. 

Note: when Hannibal kills it is quickly and we don't get to rudiment over it for a long time.  Much happens quickly, unlike the other killers.  This also makes him appear more Godlike, as he is making moves faster then we can process and understand it.

Note 2: this is very obvious, but Will doesn't kill til Season 2, but Season 1 there is a great deal of building up empathy and concern for his character.  He is sick, he is helping stop killers, he is being manipulated, he cannot handle situations well before he get's sick so that he is naturally frail, troubled, he wants to care for people and dogs in need. Besides that the whole time we are given reasons to be angry at Hannibal as the cause of this anguish. 

Also Will and Hannibal's care for Abigail is a huge way we are made to root for them.  As they are caring for a hurt and lost child.  Or at least attempting to.  

Killer 5: the 'lost boys' are boys who are lost, confused and a woman their 'new mother' directs them to kill their families.  It is hard to think of boys as killlers.  Especially ones being manipulated as such.  

Killer 6: Things are getting darker.  I almost gave up the show at this point cause this episode disgusted me so much.  But it's also an extreme contradiction cutting the skin off people is horrendous, but he is creating 'angels' to pray over him.  Aka this is a faith search.  Psychopaths do not think of spiritual matters like faith.  
Also his cancer in the same episode we find out about Bella's cancer.  He ultimately takes his life, turning himself into this angel, which the impossibility of this adds to the spiritual element.  Adding another layer to this, Will looks up at this 'angel' in a spiritual way.  AKA killing Can be spiritual in this show.  Killing means something different here because we are in another universe then our own, one about killing and spirituality, killing and lonliness, or even love.  
Note how this high up angel body takes from SOTL but the message is from one of mockery to something different.

Killer 7 Nurse is killed brutally and criminally insane hospital. (hannibal we find hasn't killed as Chesapeak Ripper in 2 years at this point, adding to the mystery of his character). We start to realize Gideon is very troubled and hates therapists and has been abused by them.  The possibility that this is all a grand manipulation is brought up by Chilton.  A realistic thing to consider.

Note:Hannibal has a therapist (not sure which exact episode this is revealed) but there is a new dimension to Hannibal, as having a weakness of feeling alone.  (thus empathy creating).  

Ep 8, Killer 8 Tobias: There is much less to feel empathy for him, but there are still some things. Franklyn is a mix of being an annoyance and having an adorable quality to him. Franklyn has a friend who he is concerned about as being a psychopath.  Remind you of anyone?  Anyways Tobias courts Hannibal with killing. We see some signs of coldness from Tobias like we haven't seen from killers so far. Tobias get's rejected.  Later Hannibal kills Franklyn (which I think it is implied that there is some sort of relationship of feeling towards Franklyn from Tobias as well, creating some subtle empathy towards Tobias at this point)  Even though Tobias says he was saving Franklyn to kill later, we are wondering on some level if he too cared a little for Franklyn.  Everyone no matter how cold can potentially love in this show. And Tobias is very upset and tries to kill Hannibal and Hannibal kills Tobias.  

Note: even though Hannibal kills Tobias and clearly is manufacturing everything, he does get hurt, and this also creates empathy for him while at the same time more suspicion towards him.  

Note:  Will is rejected by Alana when he reached out for her.  Will is very vulnerable in this scene and so this is a really big deal as far as things that could 'push' Will's sanity.  And thus, we understand him and what he is going through, empathy. 

Ep 9 Killer 9: there is little to empathize with this killer, but he is old.  He has lost a son. 

Note:  The Human Totem Pole like all of the killings also are extremely dehumanizing, which has an effect that makes us empathize with the killed much less.  In the show the killed are often have very little story, we don't know who they are.  Dressed up in artistic ways makes them into something else, no longer thinking of the human. Empathize with the killers but not the killed.
Also it's not just Hannibal in the show that makes art of their kills, It's like every killer.  Including Will (once he does). Hobbs maybe was the only one who didn't have some sort of death art, but he did still have the antler room.

https://imgur.com/a/o3ooD Here is a hand from the mushroom episode made to look alien and green with something artificial coming out of it.  Very far from a recognizable person to be caring about at this point.

~

Ep 10, Killer 10 Georgia Madchen is completely unconscious and unaware that she is killing, is a child and is suffering a great deal, and is empathizeable.  Will cares about her a lot and relates to her in a deep way.  Perhaps sees himself in her somehow.  Georgia is completely innocent and also pretty much a child and needing care and love.  One of the most childlike characters in many ways.   Again this shows him wanting to be a father to someone and care for someone who depends on him.

~

Ep 11, Killer 11: Gideon also courts the Chesapeake Ripper and tries to communicates with him through an organ basket.  Will catches him.  Lecter plants Will with a gun to go after Gideon.  Will takes a violent action by taking the gun. This has been directed by Hannibal.  Gideon is empathizeable because he has been messed with by Chilton.  

Ep 12, Abigail is confused on whether to trust Will and then Hannibal comes along, and Hannibal seems to say he is going to kill her that despite the fear she feels, tells her in an incredibly tender way.  (again confusing what is considered loving in the show).  

13 and some final thoughts:   Again and again peopel's instincts are doubted.  Alana is doubted for wanting to find what happened to Will, episode previously Will is doubted by Abigail to be good.  But Hannibal is like never doubted by anyone.  Everything always goes in his favor.  It is like fate itself supports him.  There are several things that happen that go in Hannibal's favor as well where I don't see how he could have been the one to direct it.   It just happened, as if he really were a dark God in this world.  One is where Gideon goes to jail exactly when Hannibal stops killing.  How could Hannibal have guessed that Chilton would have had this evidence and started to where Gideon down til Gideon killed people to look like the Chesapeake in a way that would mimic the Chesapeake ripper.  I guess Chilton did talk to Hannibal so it is possible Hannibal passed that idea to Chilton.

In this world the killers have been made empathizeable, they deserve our care.  Slowly tearing down what we think of as killers.  That they feel more then the average person.  That they are deserving of empathy and those killed are nothing worth thinking about anyway.

Will and Hannibal I don't believe would be likable characters in a normal situation.  But what's especially interesting to me is that this at first glance doesn't feel like an alternate universe.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Another theme I will like to cover sometime will be the role and meaning of family.  Thanks for reading.
