I think everyone who eats 3 square meals a day, is writing a comment on a computer or smartphone, and has a job has no place to complain. If they are intelligent enough to write comments on reddit, then they should be intelligent enough to make smart long term decisions when it comes to upwards socioeconomic mobility.

However, many people lack the vision, hard work ethic, and sacrifice it takes to properly move up in the world. They make poor economic and lifestyle choices that make their ability to move upwards harder. Then, when their personal story turns out to be quite the tragedy, it becomes easy to blame the wealthy for their own personal failures. At least in America, there are an abundance of resources available for educating yourself and straightening yourself out so that the life you live is meaningful and not miserable. 

The problem is that people believe that happiness lies in an abundance of wealth, which is ridiculous. If you're personally making at least $75,000 a year, which most people should be able to attain through proper education and work application over the course of 10/20/30 years, then you have more than enough to feed, clothe, and shelter yourself. You've got your basic necessities met, and now happiness is found through keeping good mental and physical health and maintaining positive relationships with your community and having a deeper purpose in life. 

So what if the richest 1% have 50% of the worlds wealth, if each individual is not starving, naked, and unsheltered, and has the ability to freely apply themselves unrestricted of tyranny and oppression, then what does it matter what the rich have? Inequality is a natural part of life, we should be fighting on making sure that those who are genuinely at a disadvantage and have nothing are able to not start at zero but start at one. 

Many people are jealous, which is natural of humans. Everyone is born with different advantages and opportunities. We shouldn't ever discourage anyone from taking advantage of an opportunity they've been given, but rather make it so that we can provide those same opportunities to our offspring when they are growing up. But this takes a very selfless, wise understanding of life. Many people simply are unaware and selfish, and refuse to move beyond themselves, and see all the ways their life is tragic and unfair, and become bitter and resentful. The day anyone stops seeing life full of meaning and potential growth, is the day they start dying and moving closer to a living hell. Without a vision, some sort of higher realization of themselves, the human being withers aware and devolves into pathetic nihilism. No amount of money will ever bring true meaning into life. We should all have our basic needs met no doubt, but once that is met, we shouldn't hinder our own growth and development with petty contempt for those with more money than us. 

