&gt; I respectfully disagree. Those people are not all dishonest.

Yes, I concede this is the case.

Many are doing it unintentionally. This often displays nicely the power of confirmation bias and rationalization on decision making regarding conclusions about reality.

&gt;I honestly do claim that it must be included in our argument about a creator god what it says his name is in the original text about himself /=will be being/will be making to be/ .

This is utterly irrelevant to evolution.

&gt;And yes it is a possibility to modernize it even to "evolution."

No, it absolutely is not. That is a massive stretch, completely beyond what is implied by those two words.

&gt;It is more dishonest to pretend it is not possible to translate it this way than the opposite.

Absolute balderdash. It simply cannot be parsed this way in any intellectually honest manner notwithstanding being under the influence of confirmation bias, as it simply does not say that.

&gt;to try to silence me with character assassination shows you may be hypnotized by the mass censorship of those who prefer Jews to stay mum.

Strawman. I never attempted to assasinate your character. I don't *know* your character. Your particular religion is both not relevant, as they *all* are unsupported, and I was not aware of which it was until this moment. I only have the scant information provided, one position on one issue. I did, and am, however, pointing out that that interpretation and those beliefs are utterly unsupported. And the rest of the sentence strays rather unfortunately far into territory that is both not relevant whatsoever to our discussion, and implies something that is both unsupported and rude. Thus I dismiss it and in the spirit of [debate charity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity) will ignore it.

&gt;well it shows a deliberate abd iterative intention to hurt me.

It appears you may be completely unaware of a very important concept, at least as it applies to this particular conversation.  It is vitally important to understand the crucial, fundamental, and important difference between criticizing, attacking, debating, finding fault with, and attempting to tear apart *ideas*, and doing the same things to a *person.*

The former *must* be embraced and encouraged by any sane and healthy society. As ideas can be and often *are* wrong. It is only by doing this to ideas that one can root out the poor ideas from those that can be supported and shown valid and sound. That is one of the key purposes of debate. To offer up your ideas and invite others to do their very best to tear them apart with absolute ferocity, and therefore one can discard one's ideas if and when found invalid and unsound. It is one of the reasons I particpate in debate, and invite others to do this to my ideas. I want as few wrong ideas and as many correct ideas as possible. As this leads to better overall results in life and in, well, absolutely everything.

This is *not* an attack on a person. Those who attempt to characterize it this way are not being honest, typically with themselves, and are not showing an ability to separate a position on an issue, which can and should change when shown incorrect, and their overall value as a human being.

So I reject and dismiss the above.

&gt;To call me dishonest is not an argument. 

This is an example of this. It is reasonable, and indeed useful to both parties, to point out if someone is being dishonest. This comment is directed towards a particular point someone may have made. This does not imply that a person is overall dishonest, or even that the dishonesty is intentional. Often it is not, it's very often unaware and unintentional dishonesty. Of course, my assertion that a point is dishonest is a *claim*, and I am responsible for supporting this and it, and I, can be *wrong*. If so, provide information as to why it is wrong (I already provided support as to why it appears correct), or at least not right, rendering us both with, at the least, the null hypothesis position. In any case, I am more than willing to concede, if it pleases you, that you were not being intentionally dishonest. However, it is trivially demonstrable that this tactic is often used with intentional dishonesty. I maintain, however, that you are incorrect.




