&gt; Not at all, because like I said (and as you chose to ignore)

Yeah, it's ignored because it's bullshit, and you're rolling back your losing position.

&gt; This means that, regardless of how I personally feel about it, it's still a valid viewpoint to have.

No, as explained, it's bullshit.

&gt; So, lets talk more. This is fun.

I agree. So much fun.

&gt; This is a great one. Ok, so once again, the term bigot pops up in the same sentence where you mention that you disagree with someone. Fabulous.

&gt; You know what? I'll give it to you. El Presidente isn't exactly the nicest of people

1. He isn't "not exactly the nicest", he's a monster.
2. If you concede it, then don't fucking argue with it.

&gt; I'm aware of his racism, but I'm gonna need some sources on the violence against women and pedophilia things.

You're not entitled to sources. You've been babbling out of your ass, without sources, for several comments now, and so, in your next comment, you will source every single one of your previous claims, and only then will I source mine.

Chop chop.

&gt; Now, lets talk "fascist". Why fascist? Explain to me what's makes him a fascist other than the fact that you don't like the man.

Straw man argument. I did not say he's a fascist for no other reason that I don't like him. This is you being a compulsive liar again.

&gt; I'm not going into the "Kremlin-compromised traitor", as I have nothing for or against this statement.

That's because, as mentioned earlier, you are blissfully unaware and ignorant of the world around you.

&gt; AKA I'm going to complain about the words he used simply because that just suits me better rather than listening to what it is he's trying to say.

Straw man argument. I didn't just "complain about the words he used". Again, you're being a compulsive, shameless liar.

&gt; The point still stands

There is no point, and you have no point, other than the points you're fabricating, and then abandoning quickly after realising how incredibly weak, simplistic and fallible your ramblings are.

&gt; So, which parts of your massive amount if invalid points are you referring to, or do you mean your entire post?

Ah, "No U" .. congratulations on your painful lack of imagination.

&gt; Because it couldn't have been my post. 

Perhaps this is getting to be too advanced for you to understand. I was referencing a future situation in which the amount of falsehoods, fallacies and other invalid drivel exceeds anything reasonable, to the point where the noise-generating tactic itself must be identified and the bullshitter exposed. This is a form of valid ad hominem: a complete loss of credibility.

&gt; I was waiting to hear you speak about straw man arguments. 

No you weren't. You've retroactively invented your prediction to enhance your standing. It's pathetic. And transparent.

&gt; Buddy,

I'm not your buddy.

&gt; But considering on your other post right below these is "We also know half of these motherfuckers spend their time posting on alt-right forums, subs, blogs and fake news websites about anti-Semitic Rothschild conspiracy theories when they're not bashing Muslims.", I'm going to go ahead 

... and again spout some more  lies and inaccuracies. This isn't too complicated, not even for you. Then again, perhaps it is. So let's break this down for you. "These &amp;#x6D;other&amp;#x66;uckers" has the word "these" in it. What is "these"? It's a *plural proximate demonstrative*. What is a demonstrative?

&gt; Demonstratives (abbreviated DEM) are words, such as this and that, **used to indicate which entities are being referred to and to distinguish those entities from others.**

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demonstrative

This is what is called "specificity", and not only that, I reduce this by half, and I'm referring specifically to people who spout bigotry against Muslims on behalf of Jews while being anti-Semites themselves. 

Now, does it compute with respect to your claim that I, and I quote:

&gt; call everyone around you a bigot

? 

No, it doesn't. Because you are claiming I call *everyone around me* a bigot, when I'm using specific semantics to denote *specificity*. 

Hence, you're a shameless, strawmanning liar. QED.

&gt; Nice, more buzzwords to throw.

Learn something from it.

&gt; How many upvotes does calling someone alt-right get you? 

Lots, I'm loving it. Live for the karma, die for the karma. Any other idiotic little meaningless jabs?

&gt; You've got a great vocabulary, feel free to tell me.

Just go back to the school you've never finished, and plead for them to fix the gaping lacuna in your intellect.

"Lacuna" - this is your word for this comment. Memorise it, find a suitable occasion for it. Got it? 

&gt;  I don't see another reason to affiliate me with those people. 

Calling for a European "Muslim ban" qualifies. I don't care if you're too squeemish to stick to your guns and backpedal later with laughable excuses about playing "devil's advocate". 

&gt; You simply started going on about "well why don't we just ban EVERYONE". That doesn't refute my point

You never had one.

&gt; Well that is a shame. Now my point about how he was already in the country in the first place

Apparently this is another difficult concept for you: I am talking about refusing any sort of access to Europe to extremists like him, should they wish to emigrate or visit. And there are lots like him.

Note how you are again forced to concede something you didn't wish to acknowledge, because as we all know, people like you like to paint white supremacists, alt-rightists, Incels and other Trumpist, far-right freaks as "lone wolves with mental issues", while allocating every other Islamist incident as a group effort, even if many of them are similarly without centralised direction from a terrorist organisation.

&gt; Again, you bring up points that don't contradict mine

False.

&gt; My points are still solid

False, you have no points.

&gt; You haven't rebuked a single one.

You're compulsively lying again. I've made minced meat out of every single fallacious, ignorant or outright false statement of yours, and you've already walked back several.

&gt; I would love to know HOW you want to do this. No wait, let me guess. We monitor their private conversations on social media and jail anyone who tweets anything offensive, right?

And exactly "HOW" would *you* enforce your "don't let anybody in" "ban"? Exactly how are you going to conduct a "hateful Muslim"-test? Will you be going by skin colour? Nationality? Speculated ethnicity? Will you have some ignorants with badges ask some utterly braindead questions? 

What exactly? Or you'll ban "everyone"? Everyone who?  From where?

And if not everyone, then how will you ban "some"? Some who? And how?

You see, I first want to know how you think you can do one but not the other, and then we'll get into details.

&gt; I would also like to know one more thing. Why only right-wing extremists. Surely you mean extremists of all kinds

Are you fucking unable to read or what?

I said:

&gt; But yeah, I do support refining our European immigration policies such that both Islamic extremists and right-wing extremists are banned from entry.
