My downvotes show that I am right. I will use logic to show this. If people agreed with me and listened to me, we would not be having these types of problems in the world. But we do. Why? Because people don't agree with me. I am identifying the root causes and showing how to implement change. Well when you don't identify the root causes and don't implement change, how can change possibly come? So in turn, we are not having change, and these problems keep continuing. This is simple logic. 

The reason people downvote me is because they are unaware and unenlightened, and when someone like me presents logic, facts, and the truth, this causes them cognitive dissonance (what I say flies in the face of what they were brainwashed with by the liberal feminists that run our society). Therefore to evade cognitive dissonance, they downvote and ignore instead of read and think and improve their incorrect and incomplete notions on the matter. No different to how people who shouted that the earth was not flat were silenced. 

I mean the average Westerner's level of logic is so low (due to the feminist liberal and capitalist environment they were born with: they are consumer sheeps with absolutely no logic) how do you expect them to even understand what I am saying? This is what the people who downvote me believe: women and men do not have any biological differences. We should focus when a van drives over 10 people, but we should not focus or talk about an industry (fast food industry) that kills millions of people worldwide due to giving them unnecessary heart disease. We should focus when 1 guy raises pharmaceutical drug prices and condemn him, but we should allow and respect those who exploit millions of child labourers and confine them in sweatshops and not give that issue any focus. We should respect and call those who had a rich dad and are monopolizing real estate to rent out to commoners making them not be able to afford them, successful businessmen. We should increase punishments for crime even though it never worked, and we should not focus on prevention or bringing people out of poverty which is why they become criminals in the first place. I am factually correct in denying all of these, and common sense and basic logic is also on my side. By the masses, those who downvote me, do not have even an iota of logic to realize these common sense issues. So how then, do you expect them to not downvote me?    
