(My apologies that this is long. TL/DR at bottom) 

Dealing with disability and infertility. I would like to share my story to give some background (so that your replies or suggestions might understand where I'm coming from.)

 So here it goes;

I grew up wanting to be a first responder. I worked hard, remained drug free and well behaved to become a police officer. Despite some serious setbacks, I graduated college (1st in my family) and the police academy and became a Sheriff's Deputy.

 I had always envisioned my life; working hard until retirement. I always wanted to be child-free and I had hoped to find a husband, to travel, and to enjoy a long fruitful career, maybe one day teaching.  That was it.

Within a few years, I was succeeding with my life in Florida (over 1000 miles from any family)-  but I'd made some friends, worked my way into a respected place in my career, I'd bought a house and I was happy.

My entire life went off the rails at 29.

By then, I was in a very successful place in my career;  I had recently been promoted, I was well-liked, my squad was like a family, I was extremely productive and it was being noticed and my nightshift schedule was exactly what I wanted. 

Very suddenly though, I was transferred. 

 I had to adjust to MANY negative changes and was feeling crushed.  It came to light that my sudden transfer was caused by a coworker (in the Narcotics Division) who had being caught STEALING from a crime scene. After many years of night shift, I had to be up at 3 am to slog through days in a completely different part of the county and I lost everything I worked for...all while I watched a thief and liar thriving and happy with my old squad. 

 I was trying to rebound by just focusing on work. Prior to the transfer, I had been casually dating a divorced coworker but during this time, I told him I needed some space and we cooled off. 

I had a surgery scheduled &amp; the meds made me very loopy with no memory and I didn't want any issues. The guy I had been dating offered to come stay on my couch for two days after my surgery, to help monitor my medications and to help me recover from the surgery. I trusted him to do that.... Biggest mistake of my life. 

Three weeks later, despite being on birth control, and having not had sex for over two months....I found out that I was pregnant. It came out, in time, that the guy I'd been casually dating previously, had given me excessive medication after my surgery and had assaulted me while I was unaware and unable to remember. When confronted, he insisted that I had said and done things i had no memory of and that he "didn't know" I was impaired and that he'd just "gone along with it". 

I was angry but didn't feel right about ending his career and having him jailed for assault, even though I'm retrospect, it's very clear that that's what happened. I even later found out that he'd sabotaged my birth control, that he was NOT actually divorced, and that he and his wife had essentially agreed that he'd find a girlfriend who didn't want kids, impregnate her and hopefully bring a child back for them. (She was unable to have kids.). I was LIVID. 

Despite very much not wanting children - i was uncomfortable with the idea of an abortion. (I fully support a woman's choice- but I made and cancelled yep separate appointments, unable to go through with it.). 

Instead, I realized that without the ability to take adequate time off from work ( I didn't have enough paid leave, I couldn't afford months of UNPAID leave, and an attorney quickly advised me that if I stayed - when the baby came, my rapist could claim paternity,sue for custody and keep me from leaving the state- so my only option was to leave my career, leave my home to forclosure (in the market, I couldnt sell) and so I moved back to my parents and friends in NJ, intending to go back to law enforcement after giving the baby up for addition. 

I was also advised that because he WANTED the baby, my only choice was to give the baby up via safe haven laws, because by default, if I didn't want to parent, the baby would be given to my rapist. So I planned that after the birth, my family would take me out of state to a hospital (different from where I gave birth) to safely surrender the baby where he could find a loving home. 


