I agree with everything you have said.  

I definitely overstated the "danger" of emotionally unavailable people.  My observation is that those who are emotionally unavailable and unaware that they are tend to leave a lot of broken hearts in their wake.  I also see how the syndrome of emotional unavailability can create a population that can be taken in by destructive social movements and ideologies.  It's like any developmental maladaptation, it can foster negative growth when treated with stigma or positive growth when treated with nurturing.  It's easier to just discount these people as monsters, lock them away, shut them up, than it is to offer help.  I hear lots of positive talk about addressing toxic masculinity but I then also see callousness and scorn leveled at the victims of it by those same advocates.  If we insist on painting these details with a broad brush, everything's going to end up a mess.
                
There is a growing body of research that shows that the mind's ability to adapt and change diminishes with age and that the flexibility of parts of the brain to growth come at specific times for specific skills.  When developmental mile-markers are missed at certain periods, those skills and abilities may never be fully developed.  I remember reading an article about children who were locked away by abusive parents and didn't learn to speak or socialize.  After they were found and freed, they never did succeed in verbal communication or socialization despite decades of intensive therapy.  It seems like there are points in brain development where the wiring anneals and if certain connections aren't made, they never can be.  Substitute skills and adaptations can be learned, but it's not the same as the native ones.

I know that I over-regulate my emotions.  I easily and willingly allow my rational mind to short-circuit or take precedence over my emotional mind.  The thing that baffles me sometimes is that everybody tells me that in doing so, that I should, at some later time, have some catastrophic emotional release or meltdown.  In 43 years, it's never happened.  I'm not anxious, not fearful and not prone to any sort of emotional extremes.  The only real downside to my situation is that I have dampened reflexive affect and don't form strong emotional connections.  I have developed a set of skills for social interaction that, I think, works for me.  I don't really crave deeper emotional connections, so I find no hindrance there.  All-in-all, I see myself as a slightly defective person who has, despite this, managed to succeed to a comfortable level.  I don't plan on seeking help in any way because I don't need it.  I liken myself to an acquaintance of mine who is a bilateral leg amputee.  He gets around fine on a skateboard.  Everybody keeps telling him to use expensive clunky prosthetics or a heavy wheelchair but he can zip around town on his board faster and easier.              
