It's unfortunate, but there are men who support this behavior. The issue is that many men are still committed to the idea that most women are good, chaste, and TRULY interested in marrying men who will make great husbands and fathers. Consistent with years of Blue Pill/Social Conditioning, many men are unaware and unknowing of the dual\-sexual strategy implemented by many women \- "only use Bad Boys for sex but marry the Good Guy\-Beta Orbiter." It's the base reason that women are OPENLY encouraging this behavior. 

This may be true, most women might *actually* have interest in marrying men who will make great husbands and fathers \- the problem and principal issue is that despite this desire many women freely offer time, effort, energy, love, dedication, commitment, love, and enthusiastic sex to Bad Boys and douchebag losers and THEN attempt to transition to Good Men. 

Association, time, effort, and energy offered to deadbeat men leaves women arriving with emotional baggage, issues, and numerous problems. Even worse \- there are women with expectation that Good Men should have no issue assuming responsibility and happily raise the Bad Boy's children. It's another reason women hate judgment for past sexual history and shame men for their "insecurities" and other classic shaming\-tactics that are highly effective on BP Men, and unsuspecting and less experienced men. 

Many men instinctively understand this is problematic and in fact question this behavior among women, yet still accept women who passed themselves around to Bad Boys with no shame. The shame comes later when these women "reform" and THEN claim they want a Good Man. It's then you hear the rhetoric of "the past doesn't matter." PRO TIP: A person's history \- sexual, criminal, psychological, behavioral, financial, life\-experiences, etc...it ALL matters. This applies to both men AND women. 

Men ALWAYS need to ask this basic question \- "How does this woman bring ADDED\-VALUE to my life?" I also add that men need to TRULY evaluate and conduct a detailed cost\-benefit analysis that determines the disadvantages of entering serious relationships and/or marriage woman who has a questionable relationship and sexual history. By men doing this, most women will be faced with outright rejection \- and rightly so. 
