&gt; You are right, we don't know if Ben slaughtered innocents, but as of now that is what we are told. **I think if they go back on that it makes Luke's character look even worse. **

Not necessarily.  Snoke's greater goal was stopping Luke. Turning Ben was just a bonus he did not care nearly as much about. There are a lot of hints in the novel that Snoke was manipulating the entire family, not just Ben. If you watch Ben's perspective on the way Luke looks in the flashback, he seems crazed. Its possible Snoke was messing with both Luke and Ben's perspective. This is the same guy that was messing with Ben's head for years and was able to bridge Rey and Ben's minds across a galaxy. Influencing Luke for a few seconds when Luke was unaware and unguarded is not a stretch. If you add in the KOR as possible plants sent to kill Luke's students and bring Ben to him (remember Snoke's goal through two movies was to STOP Luke from training Jedi) then that entire night was a setup and Luke was as much a victim as Ben.

&gt;If Ben only broke stuff around the house and Leia and Han couldn't handle him, that would be pretty crappy on their part. 

Keep in mind that he was using the force to break things. Leia and Han were concerned because, well, his grandfather spent years as a evil homicidal villain. It is kinda crap they would do that but I think they meant well and Luke actually thought he could help. IMO, the end of the story is that the family was a tale of tragedy. 

This is why Ben's redemption and NOT dying is so key to the saga ending well. If Ben is redeemed and lives, the family wins over Snoke and the sacrifices made by Han and Luke will mean something. If Ben stays evil or dies, then Snoke ultimately won in destroying the family and that is a terrible way to end the saga.

Edited to add: Also if Ben did not kill those student, it also suggests Ben hadn't really turned at that point and that actually lifts some of the responsibility for Ben's turn from Luke's shoulders. Right now, the final trigger for Ben's turn is on Luke. That might not be the case.
