My ex called me crazy because I thought it was okay to play air guitar or piano while listening to music (nothing crazy...just moving your fingers). He said that's not socially acceptable and makes you look autistic, socially unaware, and immature.

He even referenced a time when we were getting to know each other, and I did a judo motion in front of him (was practicing until 1am for my upcoming belt test. The day of this incident, so all the little tricks and tips were fresh in my mind and body. Plus,I was happy to be around him. I was a little giddy to be around him and judo earlier made me even happier). He said that made him cringe and all these negative things about that moment. 

If I was so fucking bad, why the hell did you pursue me so hard? Seriously, he shit on everything about me (clothes, hair, character, personality, reasoning skills, choice of major, family, athletic lifestyle, friends, food, and so on). Most of things, he complemented me on before!

But anyways, he brings up this judo moment. I defend it and say its not socially unacceptable or makes you look autistic given the circumstances. I told him many people have a passion and sometimes it bleeds into other parts of their mind/day. I even know doctors who will breakout in a martial art move in front of one or two people. As long as they arent making a show or do it at an inappropriate, what's wrong with it? He suddenly has the realization from this conversion that im crazy and he freaks the fuck out. Like looking at me in terror. "Oh my god... Im dating a crazy person. I have to get out now."

The way he looked at me made me feel like the craziest person on earth and completed disassociated from reality. I almost thought about admitting myself somewhere because of how distraught he looked. I broke. I cried. I told him he was right. I was immature and unaware. I just didnt see how adults functioned.

Then suddenly things got a bit better. He wasn't going to break up with me anymore and the cycle of abuse continued.
