I find MD to give me the strongest sense of this, I think because it makes me willing and able to behold it... it's like a mixture of pity / empathy /sadness and wonderment at the human condition.

Particularly gripping is to empathize with the mind of someone who acts out and is then humiliated.

I remember a story I was told at a party about someone in some social setting, perhaps a party (I forget or perhaps never heard the details) who disappeared for a while, only to be discovered in the child's bedroom, undertaking some act of molestation on account of alcoholic intoxication, a radical departure from their workaday personality. I remember trying to put myself into that person's mind, what would compel them, what they must feel about themselves to face the social consequences, and so forth.

I think in this situation, the child in question had been unaware and unharmed, so I was freer to consider the perpetrator's mind in isolation and dispensing for the time being with preconceived notions of good and evil thanks to the MD. I was filled with an incredible remorse and empathy for this person and the notion that we're all unwitting and unwilling demons underneath.

It's easy to write off acts like this as 'acts of evil', premeditated, calculating, and perpetrated in full gnosis of (and disregard for) the enormity and consequences and so forth, because in doing so we needn't inspect our own hearts to see if anything similar might lurk there.

In that moment, I felt I understood it all – and it relates to your observations of emotional trauma. What emotional life must it have been to culminate in that moment. Social suicide; utterly. It was a heavy, heavy notion to behold. The breadth and scope of what was lost – a lifetime spent preserving face and conceding to social norms squandered in an instant.

But, that and other experiences really taught me something. I feel I can say nowadays that I can genuinely empathize with the 'evil' among us.

I've never hurt someone in this particular way, and I've never injured someone since schoolyard battles, but I'm very certain that I'd probably done far worse with my words. I used to be a very angry, but articulate, person; and, whence my hackles were raised, I didn't think twice about delivering the most excoriating criticisms. I even delighted that my knowledge of human psychology allowed me to be so individually hurtful, with such lasting effect.

I eventually realized that my harmful intentions were actually against myself, so that I might appear congruently, to myself, next to such a disfigured self image.

Since that time, I've used my facility with language to uplift, rather than destroy, and I'm infinitely grateful I came to that realization in (a little) less than half a lifetime.

Thanks, MD.
