1.  You're welcome; likewise.   

2.  American law says that have to do so at proper locations (port of entry; not get caught crossing illegally then claim asylum). I don't have the figures, but iirc a *majority* of these people cannot claim asylum because they didn't do so according to the law, hence the issue. Regardless, the ones that did don't qualify, because International law requires you to claim asylum in the first safe country you enter. Mexico is the filter. There is nothing happening in Mexico that would qualify any Mexican citizen for asylum in the United States. Anyone not of Mexican citizenship broke the International law by passing through Mexico to try to enter the U.S. instead of claiming asylum in Mexico (likely the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, or 5th safe country they illegally entered to *try* to get to the U.S.). Literally none of these people qualify for asylum based on U.S. law and International law. Not one.  

3a. There are no anti-LGBT laws from Dems because the Dems use all these feel good bullshit laws to keep their voters on the Democrat plantation. Better question, why do the Dems spend so much time on all this emotional bullshit but can't manage an economy, or jobs, or good deals, or unemployment? You know, the shit that *actually* matters? Answer: [Because Democrats want to create an unaware and compliant citizenry.](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599) (This is an email from Bill Ivey, the National Chairman of the Arts to John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, discussing campaign strategies. Read the last three lines of the first paragraph.) They want them dependent upon them (DNC/Dem party) and beholden to them. How does this not piss you off and wake you up? It terrified me when I read it after it leaked. They are literally talking about hiding information from the public (unaware), and controlling them (compliant), and that their inability to do either would, and I quote, "a problem". You're comfortable with this? 

3b. If you are so naive to assume #WalkAway is Russian bots I really can't help you. Hell, you may be right. But you're going to look really stupid in November (and 2020 when Trump wins 48 states) if it was legit and you did nothing to talk to those people to figure out how your party could change to keep them or get them back? How about a thought experiment? Let's say you're right; they're all Russian bots. There's no movement. It's fake, nothing happens. Dems can keep doing what they're doing. No need to talk to anyone. Nothing changes. Whatever happens in November and 2020 is what would have happened regardless, right? Now, let's for the sake of this thought experiment assume you were wrong. #WalkAway is real, and all those voices are leaving the Democrat party in droves. Did you try to talk to them to change their mind? Did you try to understand them and what you could do to bring them back? Nope, you (and I say you as being the left in general, not you specifically) reacted as the left always does. You call them liars, Russians, bots, you shame them, demean them...and in this hypothetical they're real, so all you've managed to do is to reaffirm why they're leaving, and more importantly, why you'll never get them back. It's a lose lose for Democrats if you think about it. They're either (a) Russian bots and nothing really changes, or (b) they are legitimate former party members sick of the direction the Democrat party is headed and sick of being on the Democrat plantation, and in which case, you should be terrified because there are millions of them. If they're real, the Democrat party can't survive this movement, and this is the evidence to me that suggest they're real, because otherwise the Democrat party wouldn't be trying to blame Russians for it. If they weren't real, there wouldn't be such a hard push to disprove it, or misdirect the public about its legitimacy. Think about it.  

