“Hello, this is Delilah,” the target said, answering her phone.

“Hey, it’s Jack,”

“Look who’s finally calling back, what can I do you for?” she asked with a smile. She instinctively twiddled a strand of her hair between two fingers.

“Can you help me with something?” he asked, forcing the urgency from his voice, “I’m helping the mall security guys make sure their camera system has good coverage and I spotted you on one of the monitors,”

“Uh, sure – what do you need me to do?” she asked, stopping in her tracks.

“Keeping walking,” she glanced up at the cameras, “Act natural ok?” he said with a casual chuckle, “Nothing yells suspicion like glancing up at all the cameras,” 

“Ok fair enough – just don’t ask me to steal anything, I’m a terrible liar!”

The common myth surrounding counter surveillance is that you want to employ all sorts of crazy manoeuvres in a ploy to get whoever is following you to slip up and make a mistake. Stop walking suddenly, sprint around a corner, climb the side of a building. The fact is, all these display the fact that you know you’re being followed. The trick to excellent counter surveillance is to deal with whoever is on your trail without them knowing you’ve spotted them. Any good intelligence operative will have spent weeks training counter surveillance drills and even then it takes a certain level of talent to pull these off naturally. Teaching a civilian counter surveillance 101 on the fly is next to impossible, so your best bet is to keep them calm, relaxed and unaware that they’re being followed and subtly deal with the threat. It’s not fun keeping assets in the dark, but that’s the job.

“So we’re just checking the coverage of all the cameras in this section, this shouldn’t take long,” Jack explained, “Can you find me somewhere with contrast?” he asked.

“Contrast?”

“Find me somewhere a guy like me would stick out like a sore thumb,” she laughed.

“What?”

“Hang on there’s a lingerie store up here,” she added with a giggle.

“Brilliant,” she laughed loudly.

“Don’t get too ahead of yourself mister,” she replied, Jack felt himself blush. Delilah wandered into the store, “So now what?”

“Browse, I just need to check something,” Jack watched from nearby as Delilah wandered through, just out of sight behind the underwear clad mannequins. He watched as the men hesitated, one of them nodded and did his best to stand nonchalantly outside the store as the other two entered, “How busy is it in there?” he asked.

“Not really, that’s why I go shopping at Thursday lunchtime,” she replied, Jack caught the curse before it left his mouth but she sensed the tension in his silence, “What’s up?” Jack approached the storefront casually, catching the eye of the man stood outside. 

“I want you to go into the female changing rooms in the back and wait for a second,” Jack said, “Obviously we’re checking the camera blind spots,” he added hastily. 

“Obviously,” he could tell she wasn’t quite convinced. Jack barged into the guy on guard who flinched, reaching for his rear waistband.

“Hey watch it buddy,” Jack put on the most entitled West Coast accent he could muster, the man cursed under his breath and then touched his ear. Alarmed that his headphones were no longer connected to a phone, he patted himself down and then turned to see Jack walking away, phone in hand.

“Hey!” he growled.

“You ok Jack?” Delilah asked, hearing some of the commotion. 

“Gimme a sec,” the guy followed Jack around the corner, taking a sharp chop to the throat before being dragged back around the corner and out of side of the mall. Jack coiled his arm under the guy’s neck and grabbed his own hand, raising his elbow up high and locking up the standing guillotine chokehold. The man gasped and struggled, but his strength quickly ran out and he slumped to the floor. Jack thumped him on the back of the neck for good measure and reappeared from the alley, “Sorry, spotty signal up in security,” Jack lied, he walked to the opposite side of the exit and sat on a bench. He waited for the two other men to emerge from the store in a panic, their third no longer in spot and his phone not responding, “Delilah can you leave the store for me?” 

“Sure,” she seemed amused, “What’s going on exactly?” Jack was barely metres from her but still had a threat to deal with.

“And now, I want you to turn right.” He steered her past the alleyway, the two men having discovered their friend re-emerged, hot on her trail. Jack hunted the hunters. 

“What now?”

“Keep walking, straight and true,” he instructed. Jack watched the thug on the left draw a snub nosed revolver and ready it at his side, “I’ll call you right back,” 

Jack stooped low, grabbing the revolver and forcing it up, smacking it into its holder’s face. He then flicked it around, smacking it into the face of the other guy. Jack held onto the revolver with his right hand and slammed his forearm down on the wrist, disarming it. He snapped his left elbow back into the throat of the first guy and then rotated sharply and pistol whipped the second guy across the face. The first guy stumbled but still had fight in him, so Jack stamped on the side of his knee to drop the man down and then kneed him casually in the face. There was relatively little commotion as Jack walked away emptying the revolver, wiping his prints with his jacket sleeves and tossing the gun into a nearby rubbish bin. Delilah was one of the observing crowd members, her jaw had dropped somewhat.

“Delilah,” Jack said with a smile, taking her arm and turning her as he walked away as casually as he could, “How about that drink?”

