&gt;Except that’s a grossly simplistic viewpoint. Many people are telling you they’re infected but not infectious. Many people telling you they’re negative are positive and don’t know it. And yeah, somewhere in the mix also are people who lie. The pivotal question is whether people are more likely to lie and claim they’re “infected but not infectious” than they are to lie about being negative. This is where the situation gets bizarre, because most people would assume the liar would just go for the most socially privileged status, not the one whose safety remains in doubt even after endorsement by most major public health organizations.

&gt;I don’t have all day to haul out the statistics and break down the variables, so take my word or don’t. Nationally, 60% of positive people who know their status are undetectable. That figure is universally acknowledged to be much, much, much higher for gay men who contracted the virus from sex. This is common sense as the rest of the equation consists significantly of IV drug users and sex workers whom you would reasonably expect to have more struggles with adherence. Exact figures aren’t available as to the specific percent of Poz gay guys who are actually undetectable, but I’d easily wager it to be north of 90% a year after diagnosis.

So I did crunch the numbers, for the UK (where I live). Among 1000 random gay men, there are 60 who are infected with HIV but are virtually suppressed, 7 who are infected and aware but are infectious, 10 who are infectious and unaware, and 923 who are simply not infected.

If I sleep with a random guy out of those 1000, there's a 7.7% chance he's infectious.

If I sleep with a random guy who says he's not infected, there's a 1.7% chance he's infectious.

If I sleep with a random guy who says he's infected, there's a 10.4% chance he's infectious.

Frankly that 1.7% chance is too high for me, which is why I don't sleep around, and 10.4% is certainly an unacceptable risk. If an infected person assures me their viral load is undetectable, I'm not going to trust them short of documented bloodwork.

But all of this is just commentary - at the end of the day, taking reasonable precautions for your personal health is not serophobia, because it doesn't involve intense dislike or hatred towards the infected.
