

Veil Thinning
Published on Aug 17, 2018
WE ARE their sworn enemy. Their is one last pure person that the demons must eliminate before they conquer this world and the entire universe. Luciferians from all around the globe, Europe, US, Russia, China, India and the locals and all the followers of the Antichrist have been looking for HIM 4 the past 3 years. I was caught unaware and unprepared as they are the master of deceptions. We can die many times in a dimension (Dying is only term of mankind who live in this physical world). The nearest words I can use is my live stall to the lowest level - like a battery that has dried out almost totally. The devil conquered this universe for 2 month roughly. THIS IS WHY THE CLOUDS everywhere- manifested themselves as clouds that can be seen around the world by those who pay attention. All mankind, animals and trees and man were confused. Some died unable to bare the pain n died. . The detail is too much to describe - . The long battle of this good vs evil took place with them winning at first by Lucifer and  followers who is now care for the Antichrist hidden from mankind. 2. The managed to dig up from the ground and enter our physical world and mingle around with mankind for a while.  MY VIDEOS SHOW ALL..They have no physical body yet and just able to manifest themselves as clouds. orbs and shadows. They will have physical body latter including the whole universe (depending if they win this war) 3.  - The heaven would belong to him and those souls who have died will be forever enslaved. Mankind will exchange place, they will stay in the underworld dimension full of torture, civilizations ends. No grand children for this era of mankind. Non. Nothing 4. They place the spirit of all kinds of reptilian being ( mostly snakes, chrocs and iguanas on the back of every human soul before entering and manipulating their brain, conquered and enslave them before killing them - End of our civilization. 5. They started by offering you to a journey (depending what you are obsessed at) 6. They enter you brain, set up series of dramas, lock and codify them so that you can not do anything. You must be able to decode those memory lock during the battle. You are the main actor and always 
losing the battle against them all r  deceptions. Once u r caught in dreams, all of them are not true because they manipulate your brain and memory. U are  following rules and agenda... all deceptions. Be your pure self as human, keep on doing good things. Leave all sinful acts. ALMOST ALL MANKIND HAVE BEEN DECEIVED NOW. 7. They, the Antichrist teams, use a very advance state of the art technologies. TV in your living room, Mobile Phones are use to enter one's eyes, the demon will, from your eyes enter your heart and stay there. They then enter the brain of mankind, juggle it, set up all kind of dramas in those dreams and manipulate your brain and used all your memories,  on sight. 8. They disguised themselves as Gray, UFO Beings, Annanuki, Deity and all false and perceived so called " gods " worshiped by current mankind around the world, you kids, wife, parents, grandparents, friends, preachers, Pope, Padre, Cleric, Imam and you name it - just to deceive you until you agree that they are goddisguise themselves as you. 9. Use of high speed supercomputer with advance algorithm and make use of the brain of scientist to steal knowledge, science and human technology all  Strategies keep on changing multi front battles.. Brain juggling causing the so called Mandela Effect due to some memory overlapping each other as a result of those evil interventions. . Good deeds helps to brighten up the other side.  The real sun damaged and temporarily hidden somewhere low in a ravine between two mountains unknown to mankind (True Messiah) vs evil Antichrist in the unseen world starting end of last year. In this parallel universe, the Antichrist and his armies have successfully conquered the sun and the entire universe but The Purest One was able to recaptured it. It is under rehabilitation . The sun will turn brilliant again soon.  .  Devil entities has escaped during the war and manifested themselves in this physical reality taking their form as clouds seen by peoples everywhere. The clouds represent whats is going on in the heaven. You can feel the sorrow of man, animal and trees.The reptilians' scales forms and evil figures are still covering most of the sky in the west but has subsided in the East (Asia). S Mankind confuse tooCERN scientist fail to get what they look for and switched to be with the luciferians. T. The sea beings are the most evil one. Got many legs and almost 100 feet high for some of them. Those beings come from land, sky and sea. Those with rocks on their chest is the cruelest one. The US will be the most effected one.  WE MUST WIN

