Well your idea of lucid dreams in particular being possibly selected against is really making me think about what purpose dreams might serve.

I've thought for a while that dreams must have some evolutionary benefit - Not all parts of sleep are dreams, so the body *can* give us entirely dreamless sleep if it was beneficial, but it doesn't. Now are what we perceive as dreams just epiphenomena of brain chemistry doing its thing as we sleep? Or do they in themselves actually serve a real purpose, (You've probably heard theories about how they may help simulate possible waking experiences)?

Well your theory of lucid dreams possibly being detrimental has altered this a bit for me. If we can assume that the *type* of dream is actually selected for/against (or at least was at some point during humanity's past), then this might actually help rule out dreams as an epiphenomena.

Basically what I'm saying is, if we do actually discover that lucid dreams give a certain evolutionary detriment/benefit than it can be easier for us to assume that dreams are actually intended functions of parts of sleep and serve some kind of behavioural benefit as well as physical (as the brain rests).

As a tangent, I also like the implication that evolution has selected for us to be totally unaware and non-conscious for some parts of our existence (dreamless sleep).

On dream characters - they're certainly diverse to me, not a single monolith like you might expect for poorly simulated abstracts of characters. I wonder if they're created by the brain by amalgamating certain memories of certain people/personality traits. Some do seem more intelligent than others to me yeah, is this a consequence of our brains giving them more attention/"processing power" or maybe something to do with our expectations? It's a really interesting thought considering everyone seems to have different experiences with DCs (I haven't met any that actively try to trick me yet as you seem to), our dreams seem like fascinating worlds and they seem to be taken for granted and don't get nearly enough attention imo.
