If it looks too good to be true...

Anyway, I guarantee you they didn’t profit off of you in any way unless they scheduled you out for treatment.

These “deals” exist to get patients in the door. Works well for the office if the patient needs deep cleaning and/or lots of restorative work. 

It sounds like a good deal in your case, though. Doesn’t seem like they’ll be retaining you as a patient, either. 

Where I work, a regular cleaning is around $80. And that doesn’t even include the xrays and comprehensive exam. 

And if you have heavy tartar buildup and periodontitis(many people do and are unaware and uninformed), a deep cleaning with local anesthetic is around $1,000. It’s usually done by us hygienists and takes much longer than a regular cleaning. This is how it goes in my office usually: After exam and xrays and charting/assessment is done, a patient who is diagnosed with perio usually schedules a deep cleaning another day after all that info is submitted to insurance for verification. Then, when you come back, it’ll take me a minimum of 2 hours to remove dental calculus(tartar) from the surfaces of the teeth/roots. Patients who have a deep cleaning are put on maintenance every 3-4 months. Those cleanings take between 45 minutes and an hour and are less intense depending on how the patient takes care of their teeth at home. Anyway, there’s a whole process of stuff going on behind the scenes that patients don’t understand. We still have patients to this day that demand a “cleaning only” without xrays/exam and that cannot happen. Procedures are in place that must be followed. The dentist’s license is on the line and mine is as well. However, we take the time to explain why and how things work the way they work. 

Dental offices wouldn’t survive if $50 was the typical cost for xrays, exam and a thorough cleaning. 

But I understand your frustration. The best advice I can give you is to ask your friends/family members if they can direct you to a reputable dentist they’ve known for a while. 

