Way back in high school (does that count?) we were in creative writing class.

Teacher liked to expand our horizons and whatnot, so we had a segment on plays and improv. He split us up into groups of 4 and we had like - 10m (probably less) to come up with the basic outline of a story involving 2 known heroes and villains.

Back then, I was a very insecure, self-conscious, shy kid. But I was aware of it and trying to overcome it and all. By sheer chance, I got paired with the three weirdest kids in class. One guy - we'll call him Tom - who was this tall lanky guy who was just loud, socially unaware, and impulsive. There was - who we'll call - Ashley, a short, stout, spray-tanned girl with much the same personality quirks as Tom. And finally, there was Nativa, a very, very quite girl I knew from elementary school.

So I do my best to try to push our team to think of something. Tom decides he'll be superman. Ashley and Nativa agree that some rando characters from mean girls will do. And I can't think of diddly squat, so I pick Darth vader. We decide to have Superman and Vader fight, while the two others ... commentate? Cheer? I don't know.

So I try kind of pushing them to come up with something more - but that's it. That's all they want to do and they're satisfied. They've started having fun with their "free time."

&amp;#x200B;

So we start. My worst nightmares come true. Every other group has these detailed stories complete with conclusions, dialog, twists... there was even an entire trial against none other than - *Darth Vader.* Even my character was already taken.

We get up there and announce our characters. I'm just kind of holding a calculator case to my face pretending to have a mask. Our teacher gives us the go ahead and Tom puts up his dukes. He bounces up and down on his feet like an all-too ready boxer. I pretend to put up my invisible lightsaber. He bounces his way over and basically *runs me over.*

I wasn't expecting it and Tom is a tall dude, so I topple over and frantically try to stay in character by screeching "I AM YOUR FATHERR"

I knocked some desks to the side and fell to the ground. All the while, Ashley and Nativa are just *standing there*. Never doing or saying *anything*.

My teacher ends the fiasco with "...We have a lot of work to do."

I wouldn't have minded laughter. Laughing at me, laughing at the situation - any of that would have been fine. Even an awkward "this is weird" kind of laugh. But no, instead I was met with a wall of awkward silence from the class as we finished.

I actually moved out of state for the following school year, but that was for totally different reasons. Not that I was complaining for the chance to restart, lol
