&gt;I'd love to. 

Then do it. Do the right thing. Save countless of lives and our future.

&gt;As soon as the left wing stops trying to literally codify into law discrimination against me and stops trying to needlessly take my property I'll consider it.

Citation needed.

Left wing legislation opposes discrimination, so that's just not a thing. 

Taxes (I believe that's what you are trying to refer to) are necessary and good. You paying taxes helps your society grow and makes your life better as a consequence. You know, society, the thing you used to get literally every single privilege you have and enabled your existence and everything you ever achieved? The thing you would be absolutely nothing without and without which your probably wouldn't be alive? Yeah, that thing. You paying a little bit of your income and wealth as taxes make it better. Make the lives of everyone better. Don't know why this conversation needs to be had in the 21st century. How unaware and entitled does someone need to be to not understand his place in society and the concept of taxes? You get to enjoy all the stuff your taxes pay for. Better streets, better infrastructure, cheaper transport, cleaner environment, smarter people, happier people, healthier people, A LOT less crime, etc. 

Socioeconomic equality is the single most important factor for the socioeconomic wellbeing of people. Except you are one of the top 0.1% of Americans, voting for right wing politics will make your life worse. And if you are one of the top 0.1%: Great! Vote Republican! (Although your grandchildren will definitely be worse off, and you are just being a massively narcissistic cunt who doesn't even give a shit about his own offspring at that point.) But if you are one of the 99.9%, you shouldn't. Rich republicans want to be kings and queens of a garbage dump rather than being average people in a well-kept garden. Non-rich republicans are the ones begging for scraps from the job creators.



By the way: If you are not self-employed (i.e. are part of the vast majority of people voting Republican) and want to take more money home, you should vote for *socialist* politics. In a socialist economy, the people who work get the money. Not the "job creator" parasites not doing any actual work. That's how you get more money: Getting paid more for your labour. Not by refusing to pay your dues to the society that enables your life.

**More importantly**: How are these excuses to vote for right wing politics? These are unimportant topics compared to what we are talking about. People are dying. The environment we all live in is being destroyed.  

Right wing politics is literally killing you and making your life worse. Always. You are literally being poisoned by polluted air as we speak and the effects of harmful policies reduce your quality of life in every way I can think of. Anything you save in taxes, you probably lose due to increased cost of living, higher health care costs, higher retirement costs, etc. anyway while tens of millions of people have a worse life and the only ones to benefit are the ultra-rich.

I mean, maybe you really don't get it:   
***Would you support a party that says "We will reduce your taxes, but every single day our special police force will drag 1000 randomly selected Americans (primarily young children and old people) out of their homes and shoot them, then let the bodies lie there for the relatives to clean up."?***   

The Republicans kill more people and cause more suffering and cost to relatives than that. This is not a joke. This is not an exaggeration. By voting Republican you are voting for worse than what was just described. It is unethical to vote for the Republican Party or any other right wing party. We need strict environmental regulations, we need high environmental taxes, we need well-funded public education financed by all citizens, we need well-funded universal health care financed by all citizens. There is no other reasonable way (although you can feel free to propose one). Not doing so literally kills people. 
