&gt;Here we come to the moment: The Zulu uprising 1906. His belief above regarding the British empire was still active and that is why he once again supported the British Empire in fighting the uprising, once again taking the ambulance unit to the field. However, it was during the Zulu uprising that he began to look beyond what he saw as the "liberal façade of imperialism" and saw "methodical racism in a grand scale" behind the mask of the British Empire. The reason for this was what he saw during his hospital service. To quote David Hardiman in his book Gandhi in His Time and Ours: The Global Legacy of His Idea:

&gt;When he and his fellow volunteers were assigned to care for wounded blacks he felt a sense of relief, as he believed them to be the wronged party. He found, to his outrage, that whites were not prepared to give medical treatment to the blacks and even taunted them with lewd racist abuse while the Indian volunteers were treating them. He also discovered that the blacks whom they were treating had not been wounded in battle: some had been taken prisoners and flogged mercilessly, leaving festering sores. Others had not been involved in the protest but had been shot by the white soldiers 'by mistake'.

&gt;I have yet to find any racist quotes by Gandhi after 1906. If somebody knows of any between 1906 and 1914 (the year he left South Africa for India), I'd be very interested in seeing them. 

Brief Google comes up with the following:

&gt;Sept. 9, 1906: “Even the half-castes and Kaffirs, who are less advanced than we, have resisted the Government. The pass law applies to them as well, but they do not take out passes.”

&gt;June 4, 1907: “Are we supposed to be thieves or free-booters that even a Kaffir policeman can accost and detain us wherever we happen to be going?”

&gt;July 3, 1907: “Kaffirs are as a rule uncivilised – the convicts even more so. They are troublesome, very dirty and live almost like animals. Each ward contains nearly 50 to 60 of them. They often started rows and fought among themselves. The reader can easily imagine the plight of the poor Indian thrown into such company!”

&gt;Feb. 2, 1908: “The British rulers take us to be so lowly and ignorant that they assume that, like the Kaffirs who can be pleased with toys and pins, we can also be fobbed off with trinkets.”

&gt;Dec. 2, 1910: “Some Indians do have contacts with Kaffir women. I think such contacts are fraught with grave danger. Indians would do well to avoid them altogether.”

Edit: 1939: "I have no doubt about the soundness of my advice. However much one may sympathise with the Bantus, Indians cannot make common cause with them."


