Given the state of negotiations and the attitudes of both the UK and EU the chances of both sides agreeing a deal and that deal getting passed by this parliament are slim to none, whereas no-deal is the default outcome at this point.


&gt; "All of these nightmare scenarios are guaranteed" - again, a high level of certainty. Who are your (credible) sources for that statement?

They’re guaranteed “if we leave the EU under those circumstances” referring to no deal.
There is simply no possibility of the UK not experiencing disruption to its food supply if we leave the EU without a deal, which will in turn lead to civil unrest.

&gt; Some degree of panic buying in April is possible in the scenario where predictions like yours are taken seriously.

I’m not sure what you mean here but panic buying is more than possible if predictions like mine come to pass. I don’t see how those predictions being taken seriously or not will affect things at that point though, I’m advocating for action before then.

&gt; I'm not saying that any of these scenarios are impossible, I'm saying that the level of certainty you're expressing points to a biased viewpoint that should be taken with a pinch of salt.

And I’m not saying no deal is 100% certain, just likely enough that it’s wise to be prepared for it.
And I agree people should take what both of us are saying with a pinch of salt and do their own research, that should always be the case.

&gt; Moreover, the laundry list of economic disasters being outlined in various places would occur only if the government did literally nothing to address them before the deadline.

The effects of Brexit would no doubt be far worse if the government had done nothing. I’m not saying they’ve done nothing to prepare, just that they simply aren’t capable of fully mitigating all these coming crises especially since they’ll all impact at once and the country’s ability to respond has been maimed by years of austerity.

&gt; •	⁠Queues at Dover? More likely tariff barriers.

Both, probably. The government is making preparations for gridlock at ports, one of the articles in my post described it.

&gt; •	⁠Shortage of nuclear material? Not in the short term, unless those needing the material are fools.

Do I even have to address this one? You kind of answered it yourself.

&gt; •	⁠Rationing? According to whom?

The optimists among us who trust the government to do what it did the last time we had severe food shortages rather than watch us fight over food.

&gt; •	⁠Failure of GPS? WHAT?! Being denied the position of decision-maker in Galileo and having GPS turn off are two very different things.

I’m pretty sure we’re getting cut off from Galileo altogether, not just the position of decision maker.
I’m admittedly not totally read up on this particular issue though so I could be wrong.

&gt; Go buy your tins of beans and your medical supplies. There's no harm in it.

There’s no harm in preparing, there is harm in being unprepared. 
If the worst comes to pass everyone who could’ve prepared but ignored the warnings will be competing for resources with those who didn’t have the ability to prepare. 
Brexit will hit the most vulnerable among us the hardest and we all have a responsibility to mitigate as much of the damage as we are able.

&gt;The odds of people actually drawing meaningful benefit from your advice is slim to none, and it scares people.

Hopefully I’ve already explained how the chances of this happening are far from slim. 

Worst case scenario if I’m wrong: people who listen to me will have some extra food a supplies come May, food banks can benefit from their generosity.

Worst case scenario if you’re wrong: people are unaware and unprepared for the worst crisis this country has faced since World War 2.

People should be scared of some things, if that rational fear leads them to make preparations then they, their families and their communities will be better off for it.

Edit: spelling
