Lightning,

I'm leaning your way.

&amp;#x200B;

OP - Lakerone13

To me, it doesn't matter whether that happened to Lightening or not.  The sad truth is that things like this have happened to many people.

Now, this does NOT mean it's happening to you.  None of us out here know you, your wife or any of the particulars.

This did happen to me, but again, I'm not saying it's happening to you.

I'm just going to point out something so you may think about what's going on in your life, because none of us out here online know.

I'll give a few tidbits of what happened to me, and there is a reason I'm doing this, my point will be made shortly.

Not long after our last child, my ex-wife got liposuction surgery (she didn't need, she wanted it - she ran cross country in high school and she was petite, fit even after the last child).

My ex-wife was always one to be able to speak her mind and she was no different regarding this.  She told me she was thinking about it, she and I discussed it.  I went to visit with doctors with her, she visited  with 3 different doctors before selecting the one who was going to perform her surgery.

Since I'm on this sub, we had a deadbedroom too.  She was the LL and I was the HL.  Since I've already said that this happened to me, I'm sure you've correctly surmised that she was only LL for me.

Another year went by and one day while she and I were in our family room, she informed that she was getting a boob job, the following Monday.  Now, for those that would crucify me, my ex-wife didn't need to ask me for permission first, it's her body etc.

My point in bringing this up is that my wife's actions were completely different from the year before when she got lipo.  She talked to me about getting lipo, had me go on doctor visits with her.

My ex-wife left me out of the loop completely about her boob job.  She let me know that she was getting it done in like 3 or 4 days from when she told me.  She'd already thought about it, researched it, visited doctors, selected one and already had the surgery date set and she only told me days before she had the surgery.

I'd been going to the gym for a long time.  She had recently joined me in going to the gym.

What I didn't know was that she was also having an affair (a few actually, but hey the point isn't really whether she was having 1, 2 or 3, the point was that she was having an affair).

OK, forget all the details I just wrote about what happened to me.

Think back over the past couple of years in your life, with your wife.  The topics don't have to be about sex, about her body, yours etc.  Has your wife changed in terms of what she talks to you about?  Does she no longer include in talking about things she used to?

Again, none of us out here online know you, your wife or the particulars.

I didn't know I was missing the signs but my ex-wifes's actions regarding her two surgeries were very different in how she involved me, communciated with me about them etc.  Something had changed.

She was going to the gym, she was having cosmetic surgery done and of course she told me that it was for her, to make herself feel better about herself etc. after having children.  

Physically she didn't need those surgeries, she wanted them.  She was 5' 3" and weighed 115lbs yet she got lipo surgery.  She was flat chested but that never mattered to me as she and I had been together for decades by the time she got her boob job.

Her changes were for her but they were also for her to help her find other men as she was well into her exit plan and those surgeries were just one piece of her exit plan, which also included moving us to another state as she couldn't work in the state we lived in at that time so she had us move to a different state and then less than a month after we had moved there she told me she wanted a divorce.

Does this mean your wife is doing something similar?  No, it doesn't.

I'd simply say for you to really think about interactions between your wife and you and not just recently, but compare them to the way things were a few years back.

My ex-wife was changing, a lot over the course of two years or so and sadly it went right over my head.  I was caught flatfooted and unaware that she wanted a divorce.

At least in my situation, there were signs, I just missed them.

You need to assess things.  Many of us can and have offered advice, but it's just that, advice.  Only you know the particulars.

Try to look at things from a different perspective.  Look at them critically.  Looking at them through hope and wanting things to be OK means you might miss or dismiss things that don't fit neatly into the vision that you want, which is for things to work out for the two of you.

I mean, I'm rooting for the two of you to make it, for you both to be happy.  Divorce is a bitch.

Good luck
