"result that didn't go your way" is a very loose, even disingenuous way to categorise the discontent from the remain half of the debate. From the remain side, it's very much an argument about improving the country as part of something bigger and working together to reap wider, longer-term benefits as a species rather than selfishly isolate ourselves on a tiny island and remove our stake in the wider world, to become an isolationist and suspicious nation unaware and intolerant of other cultures. Its very much *not* about an individual not getting their way. I think if we're ever going to have a sensible debate on the Brexit topic, people are going to have to accept that it's far more complex than people 'getting their way'. 

To be blunt, at no point in all of history has isolationism, separatist and 'us-vs-them' been a beneficial or positive stance to take with regards to cultures and societies. However it's always been a tempting way to scapegoat problems that an individual or small group may be facing. So leaders and people in power throughout history have frequently leveraged this idea, to blame our current issues on someone/something else and rally people around not in support of a positive agenda but a negative one. Brexit is one such example of this method of leadership.

What's key here is that of course there are valid arguments to criticise the management of the EU.  That's totally reasonable and no institution is perfect. However, if we play the objective "how will textbooks view this event in history, in 100 years' time" game we can see that the campaign arguments made in favour of leaving the EU (not what Steve said down at the pub, but the actual public media campaigns) were pretty much universally misleading, half-truths, actual lies, misrepresented facts or in some cases flagrant examples of racism or xenophobia. Very rarely if at all were genuine criticisms levied during the media campaigns at the time (and the lack of any coherent message was true on both sides! People did a dreadful job of forming an argument either way because frankly, nobody in the public eye understood in the slightest what they were talking about) The campaign manipulatively played to people's misgivings and fears and drummed up a swell of blame and regret with no thought for the ramifications.

If you take care to do some good research, it's possible to find statements, talks and lectures from the time of the vote campaign, on the fringes and edges of the media, where actual experts (not politicians or public figures) gave their informed views on what they thought might happen if the UK did/didn't leave. Top scientists, economists, lawyers, anthropologists, historians and academics concerned with matters of culture, fiscal policy, lawmaking, science and more. These examples of more informed discourse were extremely enlightening and what's more, they all say the same things with credible and informed reasoning. It's a terrible idea to leave/it will set us back culturally, scientifically, technologically and economically/it's ultimately a separation based on a nationwide dissatisfaction with a ruling elite and grass-roots economical problems/the arguments being used to espouse leaving are taking advantage of this dissatisfaction and manipulating a frustrated populace in ways they don't understand but they will argue for vehemently.

Ultimately it's one of the biggest blunders I can remember from recent history. I've got no personal stake in the result, it'll affect me a little but that's not what I care about. The cultural, scientific and wider implications of leaving the EU will be felt for decades, if not longer, and they aren't positive. To put it bluntly: we dun fucked up, son.
