&gt; with absurdly melodramatic lyrics that come across not just childlike, as shallow narcissism disguised as something profound and heartfelt

I definitely gotta side with the pitchfork writer on this one. First time saying that but that’s not at all how his lyrics come off. Especially with the lack of auto tune you’d have to be close to deaf to not hear the emotion coming out of his voice that’s riddled with pain. Yea he doesn’t make it complicated or sound fancy, he says it directly how it is. His voice is filled with the voice of someone struggling off of the same drugs he’s talking about. While drugs are fun they are also a hell. And his voice and music captures both sides of that instead of just one like most songs to hit you with the plain and ugly truth of things. 

&gt; the production and vocals represent some disgusting meeting between pop punk and hip hop

Disagree the samples were put in such a subtle way to where combined with trap beat and everything else they all flow and fit together perfectly. They did a good job picking the right samples to use as well like the guitar from the underoath  sample really added to the dark sound and emotion. 

&gt; It's a tacky nostalgia act, 

I have no nostalgia to the sound he’s drawing inspiration from it goes beyond that. So far it just seems like you aren’t a fan of this style of music but think there are things objectively bad when really you just are missing the point as seen by your first quote 

&gt; any influence it’s had is only a bad thing for hip hop.

And this is just overactive and stupid. As someone who said peep sounds childish this just reads as some middle schooler trying to be edgy. Anything that pushes hip hop forward and evolves the sound isn’t a negative it’s literally a positive. Your argument reminds me of when people were saying this same stuff about 808 and heart breaks. “It’s awful, itsnt real hip hop, disgrace to hip hop” and as time went on we saw how stupid and ignorant that argument was. Luckily we don’t need to waste that much time thinking yours is any better. You don’t have to like it but the way you’re overacting it ain’t it either. I’m not a huge fan of migos or most of the way they have affected the game but am I going to say it’s a hindrance to hip hop and a bad thing? Na it’s just such a stupid argument you’re making is all and it mostly just seems like your own personal problem 
