Okay. So let's go basic here.   


There is a LOT of evidence that Russia was tampering with the US presidential election in 2016. That Russian agents made fake internet accounts to pose as Americans and forward propaganda and disinformation. That Russian hackers broke into the Democratic Party and Republican Party's servers, and then leaked specifically chosen e-mails from the Democratic Party meant to make them look as bad as possible. There's evidence suggesting that the Trump campaign may be connected to the Russian tampering of the election, so Robert Mueller, former director of the FBI, is working with the Department of Justice to investigate it.   


Donald Trump has been very angry about this, and recently replaced the US Attorney General because he wouldn't shut down the case. Trump's former Attorney General Jeff Sessions got revealed to have lied about his minor involvement with Russia in front of Congress, and thus to avoid conflicts of interest basically stated that he would  recuse himself from the case and not interfere with it. Trump recently requested that Sessions quit, with most analysts believing that the only reason he'd do so is to replace him with someone that would either shut down or severely hamper the investigation.   


Meanwhile, Mueller has found many guilty parties who worked for the Trump Campaign and have admitted to illegal dealings with Russia, including Trump's campaign manager Paul Manafort, who made a deal with Mueller to turn over testimony in exchange for a lighter sentence. And Trump's lawyer Mike Cohen admitted that he had been in negotiations for building a Trump Tower in Russia while Trump was running for office, which meant that a candidate for President was financially involved with another country. 

  
There's a lot more to the case, but basically it appears that either Trump was negligent and unaware that his employees were making illegal deals with Russia, or that Trump is complicit and aware that he was making illegal deals with Russia.

&amp;#x200B;

I await someone much more informed than I am to give a fuller response. 
