If that is the level of understanding socialist, revolutionist people of the West (just my impression browsing Reddit and especially seeing this post) has regarding the world then it is no wonder capitalism is still going strong. You are so naive and ignorant that I often think that any kind of revolutionary idea in the West is completely a lie, a controlled fake opposition maybe. With these kind of ignorant nonsense you people do more harm than good to the movement you are supposedly hoping for. 

Do you know how the world order we are currently living in came about? The starting point was some people going out and engaging with the world, personally getting to know other cultures other people. They sailed out of Europe and went everywhere discovering and expanding their horizons. They used this progress to colonize and siphon the world but that's how they gained power, that's a fact. 

So if you want to truly change the world you really should go out and expand your horizons instead of getting brainwashed through 3rd party sources. I didn't read that book, it might have some valuable ideas in there and it might just be you spouting bullshit and not the book but there is a problem here with you (and most of the anti-establishment people) with your high horse and low understanding. 

So why the fuck did I wrote all of this? Here: 

&gt; massive protests in Brazil and Turkey, which by even conservative estimates were probably the largest protests in human history. They happened in a relative flash and changed relatively nothing. In Turkey's case, a small public park is saved at the cost of new fascism. In Brazil's, possibly a new fascist leader who openly supports the military dictatorship. In all cases: continued or accelerated exploitation of the environment. 

Now unlike you, I have the honesty to admit that I don't know Brazil too much to be able to understand the real situation so I will refrain from bullshitting about it. However as someone who actually lives in Turkey and demonized by Western media I can say that you are incredibly wrong to the point of malicious intent.

This is a deep and complicated issue thanks to everything about Turkey in your stupid countries purposefully being presented with an agenda and mostly dead wrong, so I will not go into details unless you want me to (this is an old thread you can send a pm if you are curious) but I will just say this: the protests in Turkey were neither massive nor anti-establishment. Turkey is surprisingly a democratic country, more so than most countries even in EU and definitely US (post-coup quality of the democracy is going downhill tho) so the government really is a good representative of the middle lower class public. The "massive" protests you are talking about was establishment people demanding that we put democracy aside and give them their power back (as it always happened with coups in 1960 71 80 98). These are the same people who organized rallies that openly called for military intervention a year before the protests. It was never about a public park, it wasn't about democracy and it certainly wasn't middle-lower class people. Middle-lower classes in Turkey lives in the Eastern part of the country, where most of the public resistance to coup(2016) photos come from, not in the VERY MOST RICHEST DISTRICT IN TURKEY where the said park (Gezi Parkı btw) is located. 

I can and will post many sources here to validate the points above when I get to home. I will also add some Middle Eastern sources where even Arab Spring protesters were conflicted about the protests in Turkey because here we have Egypt protesting to establish a Turkey-like democracy (Mursi's own words) and then there is again protests in Turkey. I saw a lot of articles being shared warning Egyptians, Libyans, Syrians, Tunisia protesters to not misunderstand and support the Turkish protesters.

