sorry to tell you but this isn't my analysis, but the general consensus of all credible economists. this just goes to prove how little you know about this subject, when i give a very brief rundown of what any economist worth listening to will tell you, you take it as the far fetched utopia that only exists in the head of someone who doesn't know what she's talking about. you're essentially acting like a child being taught algebra for the first time. "BUT THERE'S LETTERS!!!!" lolol.

let me reiterate. you're claiming that conventional economic wisdom is unconventional. you must be pretty uneducated on a subject to think such a thing. moreover, like the other guy up there i was talking to, you didnt disprove a single thing i said.

tell me, is it true or false that the income gap in the us shrunk to its lowest point during the active years of the new deal, and it was much worse prior and has gotten worse since?

is it true or false that corporate welfare far exceeds welfare collected by the general population which, here's a twist for you! is also corporate welfare! do you know what its called when an employer can pay someone half a living wage and then have it made up with tax payer money? welfare!

even to what that original guy was saying, is it true or false that consumption taxes disproportionately affect the poor? or are you so deluded and ignorant that even the idea of relative income is out of your grasp?

i just love it when ignorant jordan peterson fanboys try to talk to me. youre all so painfully uneducated that its laughable. anything i can say to people like you will come off as some sort of humblebrag because youre all so worthless and unaccomplished that even something as unastounding as 'i study economics at an ivy league university' comes off as smug. im surprised you didnt tell me i was bragging about having a job too lmao :) get out of your parent's basement perhaps and stop spreading your ignorance on reddit. also anyone who takes peterson seriously is even more of a joke than peterson himself
