Since you seem to love the game of "we don't have ALL the info so there's no way to extrapolate at all!," I'll play for a bit.

&gt;The story doesn't say no water was available. It says they don't know.

Yeah, no way to know if there's water available at a Border Patrol station. Except, y'know, the people stationed there probably drink water pretty frequently.

&gt;Still a tragedy that was 100% avoidable by not bringing your kid on a desert expedition on foot with no water or food.

We don't know that it was avoidable. It's entirely possible the people in the caravan (including the father and his now-deceased daughter) were/are trying to escape certain death and/or grievous mistreatment. There are risks associated with this, of course, but have a little humanity, dude...

&gt;There's no telling if she would have recovered had she been taken directly to the hospital when they were picked up.

Yup, so that means don't bother. Oops, maybe we should wait for all the *facts* before judging border patrol here. You know, the guys who I have no reason to give the benefit of the doubt to, given their previous shitty behavior around migrants seeking asylum.

&gt;The Border Patrol probably see some pretty messed up things, but I doubt they come across a father who didn't give his child water in 7 DAYS very often

There were 163 asylum-seekers turning themselves in at one time. No way to know for sure, but I'm going to *assume* a lot of them would really need some freaking help, considering they just crossed a desert. It's not like a random father-and-daughter duo appeared from a haze of desert smoke to a group of unaware and unprepared people... it's the US Border Patrol. No matter what you think of the caravan, of illegal immigrants, whatever... we can do WAY better than this. It's pathetic how low people will stoop to defend the indefensible.

edit: It's always really funny to me how people who rush to the defense of reprehensible shit like this only presume to care about the truth wrt defending their garbage position. And by funny, I mean it's sad and pathetic.
