My grandfather died from Alzheimer's when I was still in high school. I was expelled that year, so I was in the library 4 days a week for tutoring in place of attending school. I must have read every Alzheimer's related non-fiction there was in that building after the year was done. But nothing can really prepare you for what it's actually like.

He called me the wrong name all the time--the name of one of his much older grandsons. That was the best of it. He loved taking walks, but he couldn't anymore as he'd often trail off his usual path or get completely lost. One time he went to the mall with my grandmother, and ended up getting driven home in a cop car after somebody saw him walking down the extremely busy street the mall was next to, weaving between the cars stopped at the lights. My grandma put locks on the inside of the doors after that. It's always a weird feeling to go back to her house and see that lock, key inserted, on the door as I'm leaving.

My dad took care of him. Or helped my grandmother every day with it at least. You could see the mental toll it took on him. He loved him more than his real father, who he seemed to despise but never stated why. And watching this man lose himself so quickly, forgetting who he was, becoming totally helpless and a burden, destroyed him. But he was alive, so somebody had to take care of him.

My grandfather died from Alzheimer's when I was still in high school. His body just caught up with him two years after that. My mother told me in the morning shortly before I went to my college courses, and as I sat in the shower thinking about it, all I could really think was that it was a relief. As I looked at his weird bloated face, like the mortician botched the embalming, and I saw my grandmother crying near his casket during the wake, all I could think was that I'm glad he's finally gone. Because that disease destroys your mind first, and everyone around you second, and then your body last. At least now that he's gone nobody would have to care for this walking corpse, unaware and aimless, where the best you can expect from him is for him to remember your name for a moment, or to remember anything at all.

I decided then that if I was ever diagnosed, I'd want to be euthanized within a few months. Because if it's going to kill me, I want to at least have my mind when I go. I want to die with the memories of those I love still at least generally intact, and I want die with lucidity in place of confusion. In the end, that's the least painful way to do it, and you die long before your body does with Alzheimer's. I loved my grandfather, and I love my family. I'd never want to put any of them through something like this.
