&gt; What I am describing us objective free speech,

Objective? Locke that was a founder of these principles was how I am using the words. You can redefine them to make your argument if you like, that only makes you objectively a liar though. Congrats.

&gt;  what you're on about is some juridical play on words to make you think you're free

Again, just because there is a law to protect your freedoms from being violated by another doesn't invalidate your freedoms, that is anarchy. Only Ancaps talk of both principles, you seem to have conflated them as the same thing.

&gt; Exists outside reality he says while calling me ignorant, lol. 

Outside of physical reality. You bring to me the rights so I can touch and feel it, tell me what color they are and the shape and then you can say they are in reality. You are being stupid here. They exist abstractly. Only an immature brain that can't handle abstract thought wouldn't understand that.

&gt; Reality is everything that exists... 

So where in reality does freedom exist? Love? 1? Where is the number one? There are abstract concepts that exist in our minds only. The ability to think abstractly is a thing humans develop after childhood typically.

&gt; leave it to liberal writes to ignore science to further their agenda.

What? You see it is talk like this that is so stupid and ignorant that makes me hope you are just trolling, that you are just playing at being this retarded.

&gt; My natural right to property starts when I can defend my 'property' from invaders.

You do have the right to defend yourself. But again, you saying that there shouldn't be a law to defend that is anarchy and those aren't the same. You are conflating the two separate concepts. Then did Hitler do nothing wrong? Is there no such thing as murder, since if you aren't able to protect your life you don't have the right to it? That is pretty sick and anarchy, not freedom.

&gt; My juridical right to property is granted by the constitution and I can legally kill you if you step onto it.

So is my right to speech.

And no, if you invited me to your home and I am doing nothing to threaten you or your liberty or property, you can't then just shoot me.   You don't have that right legally or morally. Again, anarchy is what you are pushing, not freedom. You are conflating those.

&gt; Anarchy IS freedom. And yes that is exactly what I'm saying.

And the mask falls. No, they aren't the same. Only a retard or someone woefully ignorant of the discussion would thing they were synonym. Just because YOU define those for your lame argument actually makes you wrong and the liar here. lol

&gt; I can't build my house anywhere, because the government would fuck me over if I did. 

Yes, but even if it didn't, you would violate others rights to their property if you had unrestricted access anywhere and everywhere. That is anarchy. You anarchists are funny little creatures, aren't you?

&gt;In theiry I can though. 

In theory, you can. But you would be violating another's property if you built it on theirs. Which from a rights and liberty perspective, are wrong and immoral. To the amoral evil anarchist, it is all good. Which is why no one will ever take you seriously except other equally deluded zealots.

&gt; In a free world you would be free to build your house inside my house and kill me if I tried to stop you.

That isn't free. If you have to constantly worry about others violating your rights. That is anarchy, different concepts and ideas. Try again. So are you AntiFa or AnCap? Anarchy can't work with society, what you are advocating for is the end of society. That isn't going to happen and if it does, you won't live long enough to see how wrong you are.

&gt; No? You don't hace the right to yell bomb in a theatre.. you'd get arrested. 

Yes, if there was the violation of others rights to life, liberty, or property, you should be. 

&gt;"Liberal free society" does not exist.. 

Well, strictly speaking no. It is an ideal Locke, Jefferson, Madison wrote about. And ideal to strive for. Some are striving better than others, like the US. Unless you have another?

&gt;liberals are lawmongers who would rather vote AWAY their rights than get their feelings hurt.

Those are liberals in name, yes. We generally call them regressives because they act that way. I use the liberal term in that those that pursue liberty like Locke and Jefferson. Not the retarded way that righties call lefties libtard or anything so dumb.

&gt; They are self evident to you because you grew up with it.

I was quoting Jefferson son. One of the champions of freedom and liberty ideals and thinking.

&gt; They are the same. How am I lying?

Because they aren't. And being wrong is lying to you apparently.

&gt; And? He was right about that.

Ok, not going there. Saying Hitler was right about killing Jews isn't ok. You are either just a common troll to think that or a massive retard. You have no argument when you say that murder and genocide are ok.

&gt; You keep coming back to liberal writers for some reason... I'm not a cuckold.

Not to them. Only to the anarchist ideals and zealotry. 

And it is because, son, that you are using their words and have a massive misunderstanding of what they spoke of and what is being spoken now based on those foundations.

&gt; I dont care what is "generally accepted" 

Son, that is how words work. If you redefine them for your argument, you lost. If you can't use them in a way generally accepted, you lose communication. Or is that too abstract with your little mind?

&gt; God is generally accepted

So? Words aren't God, kid.

&gt; I hope you're not using that as an argument for his existence or the validity of the bible? 

I wouldn't even know how to start figuring out how you jumped to that conclusion. I hope you aren't conflating freedom and anarchy to find unicorns. That is how stupid you sound. 

&gt; "You don't agree with me so you must be trolling" You sound like a libtard crying about russian bots, man.

And saying Hitler did nothing wrong, you sound like a Nazi. I am using my rights and ignoring you. You are free to say something trolly, insane, or retarded (you will probably do a combo of all three, just to prove me right). Have a good life, hopefully one of your anarchy buddies doesn't end up killing you in your sleep. Pleasant dreams. lol




