&gt;There is exactly 0% chance of this ending in any way other than "Saitama has infinite power! Show over!"

It would sound like it should happen, but consider that the position the people were in. They witness a nobody destroy someone so fast they didn't even noticed it happened. Alright, people started to cheer. Someone plants doubt, "the monster was weak, if a C-class defeats it" from a bystander perspective it sounds reasonable, and before you say it doesn't make sense that they can believe that, it wasn't until Saitama himself confirms it that they start to think that something else was afoot. 

Because, what's easier to believe? that a nobody that has bad reputation to come and save the day? or that heroes worked together to weaken him and a nobody just happened to get the finishing blow? 

And before you say "they should have know he wasn't weakened" no, they don't, is like if you were to face down Mike Tyson, it doesn't matter if he's tired or not, you would still rather go somewhere else.

&gt;Thank you for once again proving my point: Saitama MUST be gotten rid of before the show can even ATTEMPT to be good. He's a pointless, stupid character whose own show doesn't like him

well, in fighting, Saitama is still an interesting character who's struggles lie more on the psychological aspect of the series than the physical one. We see him struggle with every day things and boresome. It may not be what you are into, but for me is something that fascinates me, it makes the character feel more alive. Is not "Will Saitama defeat this enemy?" is more "Will Saitama feel fulfilled again?"

&gt;Except he HAS to arrive late because runtime. Not only is this aggravating and manufactured, but it's repetitive as hell

Is a running gag(which doesn't automatically make this a bad thing), and is on his character to be like unaware and careless, hell other characters have to tell him to be careful on how to do stuff. 

Again, it doesn't really feel manufactured because, it has been stablished that 1: Other heroes still don't know about Saitama or even trust him, and 2 Saitama is a flawed character, he's not as responsible as he wished to be, nor he cares as much about stuff. 


