EDIT: Sorry. I did not intend for this reply to be this long. But I realize the length supports what I talked about haha.

Yeah the question makes sense. This actually might give you clarity. I don't think it's stimming. From what you said, it's more of a reveal of how his mind works. Okay. So for me, when I think of dialog to say while socializing, it sounds like a one-way conversation in my head. It's almost a monologue. He may be the same way as me. Does he sound like he's doing a report on computers? Or like he's reciting a Wikipedia page? Because that's my monologue haha. 

How old is he? I didn't become aware of conversation norms until high school. My theory is that depending on severity, children with ASD eventually learn to filter out that monologue. I'm 28 and I still have that monologue. BUT. I can filter it out with ease on good days. I have 2 younger siblings also on the spectrum. When I was growing up, I recall us having one way conversations with each other. Our conversations always consisted of "hey look at this toy/game/book and look at what it does/look like/says" and that's it. And we were happy and unaware. That was also how we talked to our parents. Nothing else haha.

Honestly, I still kinda do this but I'm less intense about it. For example, my special interests are electronic hardware, anything music related, philosophy, and most sciences. I'll sometimes show my mom something related to those and talk my head off about it. She'll be like "cool!" and "that's awesome". I know she doesn't care as much as I do about it, but she does care about listening.

I think that's all that matters. He just wants you to listen. I know it's annoying, but just play along with it. He appreciates the attention trust me. 

Also, he might enjoy and benefit from learning computer programming or anything computer related.

Maybe his "overtalking" could actually be considered stimming the human need to socialize. Like, he wants to have a conversation but he literally does not know how to, so he resorts to a drawn-out, one-way monologue. Like I said in the previous reply, I always expect people to talk about themselves and their interests because that's how I am. He may be the same way.

I'm mostly silent when the conversation isn't about my interests. But when my interest comes up, I almost become rude and have the urge to interrupt people to recite everything I know about the topic.
