Alright, so let me take this bit by bit. How was obama a disaster? Serious question. 

Denuclearized the DPRK? Are you high? They still have nukes right now, and an earthquake did all the damage to their *ICBM program*. Noth the nukes, just the ability to throw them at us. Trump did nothing but saber rattle, and allow the regime to use the west as a scary bugaboo that will give them propaganda grist for the mill for a decade. If you don't take them seriously, strongman dictatorships collapse. That's been the policy for decades. Let them implode socially.

Trump is doing nothing about their IP theft. He is just fighting a tariff fight, a pale sight compared to what a smart president would do, and shut them out of every industry. If he had balls, he would cut all ties, declare them persona non gratis, and tell our trade partners that anyone doing business with china has 2 years to cut all economic ties. China is absolutely a hostile power, but if you want to crush them, you have to kneecap yourself too. It would hurt more than trump is willing to hurt, so he half asses it. Not his fault china sucks ass, but he has the ability to do more. Unfortunately, lots of chinese people will starve if we do it.

Running from ISIS before we kill them all, instead of annihilating them and supporting the Kurds is basically telling the world that America forgets our friends. It's not Trump's fault we are there, but now the people there need our help and we made it our business. Again, if he had balls, Trump would just annex the territory already and actually build up the region and ensure we don't let Russia, Turkey, and the Arab states exert power there, which is what is happening now that we are pulling out. Putin loves Trump's move of handing over nation after nation to their interests.

Tax bill was a disaster, and we are about to dive into a recession because of it. He pulled money out of the lower and middle classes to fund stock buybacks, and now that he can't even bully the fed. reserve properly, like better presidents did, the interest rates are going up in an overbought, overvalued market, and since he never put any market protections in place, or began to regulate banks to keep them from doing shady as fuck shit, it's starting to get jumpy, and heading for a crash again, and this will mostly impact middle and low class Americans. Because when crashes happen, millionaires have equity to sell to eat, and everyone else doesn't.

The decrease in legal immigrants is a dumb as fuck campaign promise, and a dumb as fuck thing to actually do. Literally every part of our economic system relies on cheap labor from immigrants trying to make a fresh start, even Trump himself hires immigrants en mass at his own businesses for low costs. He's not making us safer, he's just starving businesses for cheap labor, encouraging them to move to cheaper markets overseas or across borders. Also, this nonsense about immigrants is entirely race baiting garbage.

I am currently on medical insurance only because obamacare made it affordable. my friends are on insurance because of it. Every other proper developed nation has good, cheap, public healthcare, and it costs them less to get the same damn quality we get. We spend double what Sweden or England does by % of gdp on medicine, with no tangible improvement on quality of care or general health.

Finally, The Paris Accords made us not look suicidally stupid and ignorant. That wasn't the world thinking we could be bullied, it was them thinking we were adults. NAFTA was an actually good trade deal that just needed updating, we do a huge amount of business with mexico and we generally bend them over a barrel.Canada deserves good trade deals, because they consistently help us on the international stage with all kinds of shit. We want to encourage Canada to continue our special relationship, where the US fucks something up, and Canada covers our ass. Trump is seen as a bumbling, lecherous, weak-willed moron internationally, and *everyone knows he's Putin's bitch*. If you think for a second that anyone respects us more for him being our leader, you are an actual idiot. Shit, even the Swiss news insults him regularly. England was going to ban him, but they decided to just roast him in Parliament instead, and call him a dick whenever he visits.

**TLDR: You are just wrong about all of this, Trump is dumb, and he makes us all look dumber by association.**
