Just to reiterate my original comment i stated

&gt; I know the practice is outdated regardless and should be considered mutilation unless necessary for health reasons- but i am curious as to whether the motivations behind it are the same across the board.



So how about dialling down the accusatory tone. I didnt invent it, i dont participate in it, i dont condone it, stop being so fucking aggressive towards me for asking a question.
     
&gt;The discussion is over. Hence the quotes. 40 years ago it wasn’t a discussion you could have in the USA. I’ve been having it with people in person and on the web for 20 years because it was finally acceptable *to* discuss it.


If you're so adamant the discussion is over and so sick and tired of talking about it then why are you even engaging me? Why are yoi torturing yourself by looking through these comment chains where this topic gets brought up?
    
Sorry that youve spent such a significant part of your life and mental energy on this but many people dont live in countries where its practiced and therefore the conversation is not over because it never needed to be had in the first place. It comes across quite selfish and ignorant that you assume people who come from different cultures should just automatically already know all the thoughts and research in your mind because its relevant to *you're* country.


&gt;
&gt;I’ve spent countless hours being far too nice trying to educate friends, family, and strangers with twenty citations on the religious and historical underpinnings and misunderstandings about circumcision. How medically unnecessary it is, how cruel it is, and how common the unsavory the side effects of it are for so many men who don’t speak out because of embarassment and insecurity in doing so. 


    
Then leave it to someone else. Theres plenty of other informative responses. And they were able to way more accurately provide a lot of insight. Why are you still here when clearly youre burnt out from talking about something which brings up really negative emotions in you, which is fair enough? 


&gt;
&gt;At this point, from my perspective,  the “discussion” about the ins and outs of it should already be relegated to the annals of TIL posts, out of macabre curiosity. The societal *norm and laws* should already be “don’t cut helpless childrens’ genitals because it’s fucking abhorrent”. There is nothing else to discuss anymore about why you wear a seatbelt. It’s in a history book if you’re interested. Progressive people already figured out the why. It’s common knowledge. Racism hurts people. Sexism hurts people. Scalpels hurt babies genitalia. Let’s put people in jail or ostracize them if they can’t figure out why and move on already.


    
Thank you for your perspective, even though i didnt really enjoy this interaction at all it is about a pretty shitty topic so in a way its all the more insightful knowing that it provokes such viscera. The fact that it is *so* widespread and still touted as something innocuous is part of why things like can be so insidious.  Because like you said it makes people afraid to speak about it. Which makes perpetuating misinformation easier.


    
Although your claim to be progressive is very contrary to your desire to put people in jail who dont agree with you, - you do you. Happy 2019! 
    



