Ok. Let’s break this down.

Yes that’s how the law works but some are using it as an excuse to call the woman a liar.

&gt;outrage mob

No it doesn’t, usually they just don’t get hired and that’s it. Sound unfair? That’s because it is.

&gt;I don’t live in China

Irrelevant, are you saying the oppression against women is ok because you don’t live there?

&gt;I get called an islamophobe for having beef with Islam 

I also don’t see how that’s linked to being a feminists. The word “beef” seems to imply that you just openly hate them which is islamophobia wether justified or not. I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you only mean the terrorist organisations and oppressive governments.

&gt;Go to China or the Middle East if you want to be a feminist 

Again, this seems to imply that you shouldn’t care about things just because it’s happening outside our borders. That’s not true, read Malala Yousafzai’s books if you want further info on this.

&gt;you’re not advocating for equality

I am, that’s the thing. I listed of reason and examples of inequality towards women and advocated for them to be gotten rid of so women have more of an equal stance with men. I’d call that advocating for equality.

Ignoring the fact that you missed out numerous of my points and made points that simply didn’t make sense (seriously, what was with that “outrage mob” shit, that barley happens when it comes to employment), I’d say you’re not a bad person and are just misinformed and ignorant. That last comment still really annoys me: “you’re not advocating for equality” even though I clearly was since I wished for inequalities towards women to be gotten rid of and never once implied men should be unequal to women. 

Please trim it down, a lot of your points were redundant and irrelevant such as that “islamophobe” rant that has nothing to do with the equal rights for women. There are people out there fighting for women’s rights in the Middle East (in fact, it was one of the contributing factors that lead up to the Syrian civil war, you know, the thing the US is withdrawing from) and again, read Malala’s stuff. Regardless, I’m not trying to antagonise you in any way or imply you’re inferior, you’re likely just misinformed and aren’t actually a bad person so I’ll leave you be.
