I might sound rude, but I hate people who love

Ed Sheeran for Shape Of You and are not ready to listen or don't like any other way better song than that.
Who love Maroon 5 for Girls like you, but are just ignorant fucks and say thar they are a fan  of him when its a fucking band and don't even know that maroon is not adam levine is(Yess those stupid Fuckers do exist in India). Fuckers are so annoying and ignorant that they do not even acknowledge that they are a fan of the song not the fucking artist and don't know shit about them. They just like what the crowd like. The best example is of Shape lf you man people are so so fucking stupid like idk how thier brain works, When that song came out I liked it very much shared it to almost all my classmates, now most of them didn't like the song said it's okay, some legit guys said it's a cool songs. Now after like a month when it got really hit or popular in my country those same Fuckers who didn't liked the song in the first place came to methat man you should listen to this song it's dope. I mean really. They like what people like. I've also taken their phone once or twice to play songs in the car and every single song on thier phone is a fucking pop song and these are those same people who upload instagram stories or keep status as "Music Lovers" do they even have their own taste in music. 

Personally Numb will always be my favourite songs Always because that song was my gateway drug to LP, but
.
Lost in the echo
Robot boy
Valentines day
Castle of glass
From the inside
What I've done
Iridescent
Bruning in the skies
Almost every song is unique and great of LP


Atleast for me. So fuck you to all those pretensious fucks who call themselves a die hard fan of LP when I myself is not technically a die hard fan of them, but this are the only artists/band of whom I've played songs so many times than another. And these are the only band of which I've liked 90 percent of all the songs that they've ever made.


Sorry for my English. And for the long post and all the cursing. I had to take it all out. 
