The whole point of that is that you are still making a choice no? Inaction is still an action. You may decide its less wrong morally but it isn’t devoid of wrongness. 

Some people might even say that your choice is the most morally wrong. Because you are only considering yourself and the consequences of yourself. Some moral philosophies would say that the selfish reasoning makes you the most morally wrong no matter what the choice was. That considering the impact of yourself over 6 other people is wrong.

And the question is: even in your inaction is it the same sort of inaction as someone who is on the opposite side of the world when it occurs? No. We can all agree you are still more culpable than someone completly unaware and unable to help in the scenerio. 

What about this variation of the trolley problem (its important to look at variations to test your choice and the logic behind it). 

You’re on a sinking ship. One person is on one side drowning and someone else is on another side drowning. You can save one of them to no detriment of yourself but you can never save both. What do you do? Your logic would dictate you save neither. You let both die. Is that genuinly your decision.

Or: you’re in a selfdriving car on a bridge. It’s gone haywire. 5 people are on the pavement. The car is about to drive off the bridge and kill you. The only choice is to swerve. Swerving will kill those 5 people and save yourself. Your logic would say you would save yourself. Personal gain. Yourself above others. Yes?

The last one: a zombie apocalypse is imminent. You are the only person in the world that we know of that is immune. The government has found you. They predict that the world will fall into ruin, humanity will end, suffering abound. Classic zombie. But the apocalypse will only happen in about 80 years when you’re dead. The government needs to havrest your organs (which will kill you) and spend the next 60 years creating and spreading a cure before it happens. Literally billions of lives will be saved. But you’ll have to die right now. 

Yes or no? Your logic dictates no. Do you think that is morally right? You can think it is acceptable, bodily autonomy and all that, but is it the morally right position? 
