This is so true. We act like marriage is one of the only important things in life and without it your life is incomplete. I mean yes it's "half your deen" and all that but our sole purpose in life shouldn't be to get married. My family was visiting with a family friend/auntie a couple weeks ago and she was talking to my dad about how he needs to get me married off as soon as possible. And in my mind I was thinking what's the rush? It's like a woman is worthless if she's not attached to a man. All my accomplishments don't matter and I'm not a real person until I get married.

 I know her intentions are good and she meant well but there is a larger cultural issue where we obsess over marriage and act as if it's the be all end all. Marriages crumble. Divorce happens. Spouses pass away. There might be infidelity. Or infertility. Sometimes crazy in laws ruin the marriage. Sometimes life gets in the way. There are so many potential problems associated with marriage and nobody teaches you how to problem solve, how to communicate with your spouse, how to be a good parent, how to get through the rough patches, etc. All anyone ever talks about is get married and have a nice wedding you're left to figure out the actual business of staying married on your own.

I wish we firstly stopped acting like people are not worthy of respect until they get married. And secondly if young people are going to be pushed into marriage (or rush into it themselves) let's at least equip them with the knowledge they need to make it a long lasting, healthy and successful marriage. Let's talk about all the tough subjects regarding marriage instead of hiding behind the "it's taboo" excuse. Let's teach them what their rights and responsibilities are. For the love of God let's talk about the proper way to raise children so we don't have another generation of emotionally unaware and overbearing (or even abusive) parents who learned nothing from their own upbringing. Marriage comes with so much responsibility and I feel like as Muslims we downplay that responsibility and focus on superficial things like getting the highest Mehr possible and having a big fancy wedding to impress our peers. Idk. If I am entering a lifelong partnership with someone I'm going to think very long and hard about it before making that decision 
