If you want some insight this happened to me recently, funny enough and this was my experience. Several months ago my ex contacted me to tell me that she was gay, well at least that she was "confused" during the period of our relationship and it was pretty obvious from her FB profile as to what she meant. The main differences in my situation were that we were together for a pretty short time and we haven't remained in contact as I live on the other side of the world and I just don't do that regardless. She contacted me from a pretty apologetic stance, saying that she was sorry for putting me through that and that she was sorry for ruining our friendship. 

Honestly, my immediate reaction was pretty indifferent. If anything I was just so surprised that she seemed to feel so concerned about the way I would react and that she seemed to feel so guilty and ashamed about it. All I did was just sent her back a message telling her no worries, that I was really happy for her that she has clearly figured it out, and that I wished her all the best. I will admit that it did briefly cross my mind that I felt a bit insecure about how feminine I might be because she dated me of all people but I of course understand how irrational and ignorant that is.

I have heard that people can react negatively about it in that they can believe that you were just toying with them, that you may view them as repulsive, that you were wasting their time etc but I can't believe that any reasonable person would come to any such conclusion for any significant amount of time. I would expect, however, that he will be very introspective about this news though. I know when I was told I thought back to all of my memories to see if there was any way I should have known this beforehand out of curiosity. Overall I would say if you believe him to be a reasonable and understanding person then just go for it, it may provide a great deal of closure and insight into your previous relationship that he considers important, as it did partially for me. Good luck!
