Money is the root. These things only exist because someone was motivated to create them in order to make money. They then use marketing or advertising to sell them to you. Because they want money. 

Without a desire for money, humans would not be motivated to create advertisements that claim all the unrealistic stuff that they claim about what the various products will do for you. Money is a mechanism that tempts you to try to get more than you deserve in return for something. That advertising pollutes our minds with distorted concepts that influence our actions subconsciously. It feels like we are being controlled.

But we aren’t being controlled. We are weak and unaware that we need to be strong and wise in order to resist and maintain control. Wisdom is hard to come by because we are drowning in the marketing, and we are surrounded on all sides by a society that is fully fixated on the pursuit of money. This fixation has become accepted normality, as if it was the natural order of things, and we find ourselves lost in a state of confusion, writing posts on reddit wondering why people are unhappy even though they have all the toys, pills and entertainment that should be making them plenty happy.

It was once common knowledge that a TV commercial or a salesman could not be trusted because it was known that the motivation behind it was purely to try to sell you something. Wisdom.

It was once common knowledge that food was plants and animals prepared into a meal by caring hands. Wisdom.

It was once common knowledge that health was feeling strong and capable without the assistance of foreign chemicals and devices. Wisdom.

It was once common knowledge that relationships are built on mutual respect and empathy and sustained through shared experience. Wisdom.

It was once common knowledge that our environment was a shared space that we all depend on for survival and must all care for and maintain together. Wisdom.

But when advertising tells us that health comes from pills, relationships can exist anonymously through a computer, that food can come from a box, that corporations and government are in charge of maintaining our environment for us... then we are fooled, one human at a time, slowly but surely, and we teach our children to be fools, and the wisdom is gradually lost each generation.

Perspective is required to acquire wisdom, and strength is required in order to apply it. Both can only come from struggle and experience, pain and failure. That is what we ought to be learning and teaching each other about what to expect from life. Ease and indulgence are not progress, they are ignorance. Progress is building, extending, striving and going further. It is effort, and the reward is unspoken, it is personal and it is sublime, it is fulfillment and accomplishment, it is service and love and eternity. Ultimately it is nothing. It just is. So don’t bother. Have a pop tart instead. Maybe watch some Netflix. See you on the other side homie.
