&gt;He gave me an attitude about the fact that he was calling us and we weren’t answering (he never called me and I made sure my number is correct in the app). Kept saying I put my number wrong but didn’t have an answer when I asked him what he was calling for if he didn’t even look for the house number in the first place. He saw 2 houses on one property and immediately gave up.

Just speculating here, but he might have been telling you the truth. "Two houses on one property", doesn't want to knock on wrong door (have done that, wrong house, people get pissed) 

I've had a guy hold up a 9mm and scream at me, asking who I was. This was when I was delivering medicine for hospice patients. That was the fault of the local Nashville "Live Hospice"  for not informing patient's husband to expect a 9pm delivery (I know that's fucked up to be delivering medicine that late...but, whatever...that's a story in itself). He turned out pretty cool though, he was just scared.

With Doordash, when we call or text the customer it goes through the app to mask your number and ours. It doesn't always work. So, unless you typed your number in the Dropoff instructions, he doesn't actually know your number. The conversion to the 605 area code usually works but not always. It has happened to me, and any driver who has done at least a hundred deliveries or more knows this. Doordash app glitches in more ways the one.

Not seeing your flashlight. - By the time you got out on the porch it is possible his head was down waiting (and watching for) his Doordash tech support chat. Sometimes a Dasher is 8th in line other times 128th.

Being lazy and just waiting for you to come out --we can't make money that way. Time is money....and if you peruse any of these Doordash subreddits you know we sweat (way too much) over our ratings.

I'm just going with the most logical explanation based on my experience. I'm sorry you had a bad experience and he was rude. He is probably new and unaware that the "contact" function doesn't always work and assumed you were ignoring your phone.




 
