&gt; Ok. I can see things got twisted a little bit. Or at least misinterpreted. So instead of copying and pasting i'll just say this. There's a lot of misconceptions here and it's unnecessary because we share the same views.

No kidding.

&gt;I'm the last person you'll ever want to use the phrase 'caping for white people' for

Except thats literally what you *just* did starting with the "Not all white people" essay you typed to me.

&gt;So once again you misconstrued me and made an assumption, just like I did, so we're both even. Onto the next one. You don't know me and I don't know you. I put words in your mouth before and you assumed wrong about me. Call it even and let's move on.

Another one of *your* strawmen. I didn't like reading this wall of text. You don't need to brag about how you help the brag community. I was obviously speaking about people in *general* not you. I'm not sure what you're reading or what is up with your comprehension. Furthermore, you want to say that you were talking about "everyman" with the "busting my ass" line and I obviously knew that. It was clear as day. However, that comes off an excuse for the "everyman" you were talking about. You're actually trying to prove yourself to me? I never asked you to.


&gt;and it's offensive and ignorant that you would automatically assume that about me.


Because you literally thought I thought all white people were evil when I said *nothing* to elicit that. I'm not crazy. 

&gt;So you're preaching to the choir here.

Not really. You painted this current generation in a bad light because apparently they've "invented" a new definition of racism, you pulled the "muh feelings liberals" line, and you even said it may be a surprise to me that "good" white people exist. This is all of *you* said. You even replied to me and made strawman arguments like "Oh OP isn't a white MAGA supporter" when I never once made a reference to his political standing or color? What gives?? 


&gt;^THE DEFINITION OF PREACHING TO THE CHOIR!!! LOOOL

I grew up in racist-ass Louisiana, traveled to racist-ass places on the east coast, the midwest and the west coast even to so called 'liberal' oregon. So you don't have to tell me about latent racial biases in white people, one of the natural consequences of a white supremacist society. I experience it all the time just like YOU and every god damn black person in America does! It's what my "ivy league" comment was referencing--people who put on the false mask of progressive respectability but ultimately the racism seeps out in subtle ways. I'd rather deal with a redneck whose nose I can break for calling me nigger than a person who pretends to be my friend but pulls the backstabbing racist card behind my back. You don't have to tell me what I know my dude. Once again, preaching to the choir!

I'm not the one that typed a literal issue about how "every human has its issues" and "minorities can be racist too", but go off. That's what preaching to the choir is. 



