Working on a space opera with some fantasy and horror elements. Inequality and the causes of it is one of the major themes I want to explore. I guess the most prominent example would be the Empire that serves as the antagonist in the series (initially). The nobles of this Empire have completely control over the technology that powers the lives of all its inhabitants and style themselves as gods and its main followers angels. 

They serve as a possible future where the elites controlling all the resources without supervision from the masses will result in them becoming too big to be held accountable with the lower classes being full slaves.  In this society:

\- The nobles, or gods, can live thousands of years if they wish to and control the means to upload minds to virtual afterlife. This helps them keep the masses under control over the promise of a 'reward in their heavens'.

\- Information does not flow free and only nobles and appropriate institutions (clerics, bureaucrats, engineers, among others) are allowed to be educated and develop their advance technologies. This leaves the masses uneducated and ignorant that the 'magic' the nobles let them use is something that they could to given enough study.

\- The core worlds of the Empire are all beautiful with plentiful resources, while the conquered worlds and outskirts barely have enough to survive and live at the mercy of local barons and criminals.

\- Artificial intelligence developed by the Empire has the capacity of becoming sentient. These 'Risen' typically start as robots in humanoid bodies. Per official law, if a risen is discovered, it is meant to be placed into an organic-like body to serve the Empire as a way to quell AI uprisings before they even begin. This Risen eventually can become full citizens and even marry non-nobles (although this is rare). However, the common people are extremely prejudiced against them as well as most nobles and most of the Risen are destroyed before the official authorities can protect them.
