About that last part about atomic decay

*sigh*

My god you... You aren't being serious there, right? Like.. AHHHHHHH. Ok... Okay... Look... It's okay... He's not an idiot just... He's... Uh... 

THAT'S NOT WHAT WE WERE TALKING ABOUT! IT WAS MADE ABUNDANTLY CLEAR BY THE PHRASING WHAT I SAID, BY THE PHRASING OF WHAT YOU SAID, THE CONTEXT IN WHICH WE ARE SPEAKING THE- My God man. My God. Just. Just can you... You fucking pelican ass double dutch piece of insolent womb-shredding work... Can you just look for one second at anything you are saying? Do you read your comments before posting them? Do you SEE how... Monumentally willfully ignorant you are?! Do you know what the USSR was for one? No? Okay! That's fine! It really is! You don't know everything, neither do I, no one does! If you don't know something that's fine, but you have Google! You have a library! Goddamnit, just listen. Okay. I'll tell you.

The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, or the USSR, was a union of a few dozen "independent" republics. The purpose of these republics was to maintain small-scale control over the individuals in the union. Russia, the dominant nation in the union, ended up completely owning everyone. The same happened with Yugoslavia, Serbia pretty much controlled everything. What you are describing isn't a new idea, its been done. Maybe they didn't make it a small enough scale you say? Let's a city of 100,000 people. I relatively small city all things considered. To achieve the tribe like system I am talking about, each "segment" or "tribe" would have to be 100 or fewer people because that's the cutoff for an everyone knows everyone society because of how our brains works. This means you would have to separate a city of 100,000 into 1000 different communes and make them all get along and work together. This requires central authority, back to totalitarian problems. It also means that the entire way our society functions would be ignored. You cannot have a function modern day economy (moneyless economy, but still an economy. It's just an economy of resources) in this way.

Okay. We got that out of the way. Good.

Now, the "read a book" part.

To understand history, to learn from what past mistakes were exactly, how and why they were made, you need to read. I'm not saying you're dumb, I'm not saying you don't have any points whatsoever, what I am saying is me sitting here and telling you stuff, it's not gonna help you understand what your ideas imply any better. It's not going to help your ideas evolve and grow and change because you are dead set in your ways. I recommended books specifically because they provide so much good information and can help you understand more about communism. Will it make your opinions be less communist? I doubt it. What it will do is make it so you actually understand what you're talking about and help you have legitimate ideas about how to solve the many problems that communism has. Who knows, maybe you can solve the overly complex riddle that communism is but you are just so woefully uninformed and ignorant that you will not ever solve it like this.

Learning is how you can actually have arguments that mean something - right now all you have is "Communism sound cool and I want it to work, so it should work" with no understanding of why anything went the way it did in the past. I'm not saying communism isn't an idea that you can have, or that communism will always fail, in fact, I gave conditions in which it could succeed, but what you fail to recognize is the why of communism failing. You fail to educate yourself and then try to argue you're right by the tune of ignorance. 

I'm trying to help you man, just... *sigh*
TL;DR
I'm not saying read books because you're dumb, I'm saying it because your ideas don't make sense within the confines of communism. There are legitimate points to make but you aren't making them. You don't understand the concepts you're arguing. 
