Roxanne blinked as snowflakes drifted into her eyes. They seemed to cascade and blur in whatever direction the wind moved. A flurry of snow from above and below, but she knew it was better than the blizzard that had raged just days before. She considered herself lucky it had taken so long to outcast her. 

There was nothing but fresh snow through the horizon. The only hint of color on the barren prairie was the red of her wool cloak until a speck of black appeared. She smiled weakly before kneeling down, stretching out her hand. The orbs blinked in and out of sight until the arctic rabbit ran towards her. 

“All alone out here too, huh bud?” Roxanne asked her newest companion, scratching behind his long ears. “Least you know where you’re supposed to go.” 

A pang of sadness moved through her chest. 

She wondered how such a small and fearful creature could manage to trust her. Yet her own kind didn’t understand her. Human beings that had known her all her life clammed up where animals opened up to her. 

Animals. She understood them and trusted them. They were the ones she had always found true friendship in. It was a gentle and trusting animal that got her exiled into the snow, to begin with. 

“You should all be free,” She whispered to the rabbit. She rubbed his head once more and stood, causing it to skitter away. 
 
A deep breath of icy air filled her lungs, making her chest seize up for a moment. It reminded her that urgency was the only thing she had now. Her hood wouldn’t keep her safe forever; the council had exiled her with no supplies. Not even a compass. 

To keep her mind off the goosebumps and ache inside her bones, she forced her small body to move. Her slender frame went as fast as it was able to. She walked even as her leg muscles started to cramp, hunger pangs rolled through her belly. 

Finally, as the sun began to touch the horizon in front of her, she paused. A series of small kicks came from her belly, making her mind drift back to reality. Roxanne took another painful breath of winter air, closing her eyes for a moment. Placing her hands on her small stomach, a lump pushed its way into her throat. As dangerous as tears would be out in the wind, thoughts of home raced through her mind. 

She didn’t regret freeing those horses from their cruel master, or any of the other so-called crimes they had stacked against her. However, she did regret leaving her husband back inside the brick walls of the city. Alone and unaware that, if she could just make it through this, he would be a father soon.

Scanning the horizon, she cursed every vote to send her with nothing. She would be lucky if she found anything with all this snow. 

/r/beezus_writes
