A few months ago, I was 16 and I had this friend who I’d thought would be a permanent friend. I’d known him since I was 12-13 and had never stopped talking to him since. Although I never seen him in real life, he was a great friend that I really enjoyed talking to and playing video games with and such. I’d known he used racial slurs, but I’d been used to it since i’ve faced racial issues/jokes my entire life (me being black). Well anyways, one day, I hear about some guys (Juniors in high school) at my school gang banging an 8th grader from a nearby middle school. I’m completely disgusted and appalled already, but then I come to find out these same guys decided to start an instagram live video during the horrid act. At this point, i’m completely furious and decide to tell my girlfriend and my friend, ranting to them due to my extreme anger. I tell my girlfriend and she said she’d heard very little rumors about it and agrees with me how disgusting it was, but the first thing my friend says to me is, and I quote, “Were they black?”. Me, being in the complete rage that I was, became even more enraged. How the fuck could he have the audacity to ask me that fucking question? Not only am I black, but IT WOULDN’T FUCKING MATTER EITHER WAY. After that, I got into a long, rage-fueled argument with him and another person (who basically is almost always riding his dick about everything he believes) about black people and crime rates. They were being so utterly disgusting and ignorant, that I couldn't even believe it. It kind of felt like they weren't even being serious, like it was some game or joke to them. The other dude literally was saying he experienced way worse racism than black people (he was Arabic), justifying his claim by saying he," ha[s] experienced black racism," since he is mistaken for being mixed all the time. At this point I was done. It didn’t matter whether they were being serious or not, either way it was fucking disgusting and problematic and I told them to fuck off, left the group chat, and decided to never speak with them again. I’ve succeeded in doing so, and in all honesty, I miss him a lot but that was too ignorant and racist for me to handle. Fucking idiot.
