^^^^AUTOMOD  ***This is a copy of the above post. It is a record of the post as originally written, in case the post is deleted or edited.***

My grandmother and I went to Walmart recently for some herbs, spices and snacks. I had been looking for something, can't remember what it was now so I guess it wasn't that important, but I knew that it could be used two different ways so I wasn't sure what 'category' it fell under therefore I didn't know what isle to look in. After roaming the isles over and over I saw a young man starting to stock shelves so I thought awesome i'll ask him! I start walking over to him and it turns out he's hearing impaired! An older gentleman got to him before I did but because the kid couldn't understand him he just backed away slowly then walked away altogether.. I can't sign very well at all (I have a deaf cousin but I don't get to see him often at all because he lives so far away so my ASL is stupid basic) but I noticed there was something similar to what I had wanted near where he was standing (I'm telling you it's DRIVING ME INSANE that I can't remember what it is) so I picked it up and pointed to the label and then made a motion  to show that I was going to do with it, turning it upside down and shaking as if I was shaking something on food. He immediately knew what I meant and directed me to the right isle, all with a smile. Which by the way it was NOWHERE near where I thought it would be, I'm an idiot. Now........... this is where I wonder if I was the asshole.... 

&amp;#x200B;

A lady not far from us saw this and followed me out of the isle just to let me know how disrespectful she thought I was being. I had no idea what she was talking about, so I said "I'm sorry?" That prompted her to go into this mini rant about how kids today are so entitled and ignorant that we treat the hearing impaired like second class citizens. She berated me for how I attempted to communicate with him instead of 'speaking slowly' so that they can read my lips. I finally just apologized for offending her and just continued on my way before I flipped my lid because what the fuck is this super terrific happy fun time bullshit you're spewing at me?

&amp;#x200B;

But after spending some time thinking about that day, was I genuinely the asshole here or is this lady just off her nut? I feel like speaking slowly to them would be disrespectful. Was I wrong to do what I did? I thought it would be an easy way to communicate quickly without making a scene or making him feel awkward...  I don't want to be THAT person, I have nothing but respect for the hearing impaired and questioning if I was that truly offensive is really truly bothering me. :(

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns.*
