What you are saying is that the education system is a linear approach, more than that, that treatments are also linear.

The underlying problem is science.

Science is a linear approach to the world. It aims to see patterns in reality, which are universal laws. Look at the structure of schooling. It is a linear progression through classes, that are defined by the school year, every student needs to be, literally, on the same page. 

Knowledge is stratified based on assumptions of the ability at certain ages to understand the curriculum. We have kids all about the same age depending on whether a kid got into the system at age 3 or 4. 

What is taught are, of course, the sciences. The emphasis is not an pleasure time, or free work, or drawing or play. It is about calculus, math and languages, which are all linear abilities. Things logically structured.

Our whole society is based on a scientific paradigm. Logically treatments, also treatments in the class room will follow that paradigm.

Which translates to, one size fits all. And that expression may originally be about clothing, but it is a clear expression of the conveyor belt mentality, in no way is the ABA program different: instead of a manufacturing plant where raw materials go in and finished product roll out, a building where raw autistic kids go in and are processed and when properly adjusted, roll out is in its basis similar.

This mentality is so deeply ingrained in our society that treatment follows an industrial approach and in this system, caregivers, ABA specialists and all sorts of medical workers must work...and resist the idea of the mass production of health and generalized and financial accountability.

For if the child is not helped after a preset program, goals aren't reached, a broken product leaves the factory.

How can a therapist come away from their own societal paradigms? This is very hard because the therapy room is the only place where this paradigm won't work and yet they support this paradigm everywhere else in their lives, unaware and unquestioned.

So to me this sort of discussion will never lead anywhere because, I suppose it could be described as a McLuhanist perspective.

We do not on a daily basis understand what drives our society. 

So they autiekid that gets into ABA will basically be submitted to an industrial, conveyor belt system that necessarily presupposes a child to behave similarly to a product, where a product in these conditions are all the same. Each coffee maker has a number that goes up, they are all the same size, so, standardized. There is an expectation on the finished product.

The delusion is that any type of raw material coming in can be processed to produce a more or less similar result. And the goals is the same for each kid, this is the linear approach.

Any therapy that does not get away by this understanding and these principles will ultimately be a failure.

Now, for most NT people, being in this education system there is no problem. Why?

&gt;"People are not machines but in every opportunity where they are allowed to behave like machines, they will so behave."

\-- Ludwig von Bertalanffy

For an autistic human mind with its principle differences and impairments, this need not apply. It is the NT world here that behaves autistically. 

Being a minority inverses the situation. Suddenly the system cannot linearly continue its assumption on the raw material, to be indoctrinated with they system, by the system. You see how that works? :-)

The spectral kids need non-linear approaches. And this is interesting because *state changes* cause stress in autistic people. You would expect an autie person to love the linear approach because it is dependable, logical and predictable. 

People who work a conveyor belt will tell you that although the work is tedious and boring, it is the social aspect that carries them through. The jokes with co-workers, the lunch, the feeling you are in it together, for your low pay.

An autistic person will more likely than not get the benefit of this interaction.

Health care these days is all about goals, accountability, standardized treatment plans, it is all quantifiable to the last cent. The scientific paradigm rules there too. You are expected that your spider phobia can be treated with 10 sessions and 4 virtual reality encounters. After that you are on your own. If more treatment is needed, apply again for the same program. Basically, if a coffee maker is faulty, send it back in for repairs.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
