^^^^AUTOMOD  ***This is a copy of the above post. It is a record of the post as originally written, in case the post is deleted or edited.***

My fiancée believes I cheated on her. I did not, but she has big reasons to believe so. She caught me red-handed literally, it's just someone plunged my hand in their blood while I was asleep and unaware, and she doesn't believe that part. So, she believes I cheated on her and it is hard to blame her for believing so, as if she believed me she would be kind of a fool. But I never cheated on anyone.

I really wanted to fix our relationship, I made all the oathes, all the promises, professed our love all I could. I tried hard, and I tried long. But all she was seeing was that I cheated on her and I wouldn't admit to it. Eventually she broke off the relationship as she couldn't see it work. I tried to avoid reaching harrassment-level, but I still for a while reached to her trying to appeal to her how our relationship was the greatest. I stopped when she started seeing other men so casually that even I knew. The stop was abrupt. Not a complete stubborn no-contact, and I didn't give a reason, but contact between us used to be me trying again and again to convince her, and suddenly it was just her sometimes asking about mundane things about our past common interests.

We've been separated for about six months. Recently she's reached out to me asking if we could see to go back to our relationship, and she mentionned possibly to the engagement. I told her no, that we're better as friends with a history now. However, considering how everyone saw me pursue her long and hard, with my life, the drastic difference that came abruptly is understandably puzzling. She's confused about what changed, and she pressured me for answers. I told her I don't think she believes me now that I'm innocent, and it wouldn't be good for either of us to live in such a relationship with that big an awkward stain. Well, it's true that it is one of my reasons. But that was the case from the start and that didn't stop me from pursuing her long and hard at first. She's still asking about why now that became "don't even think of getting back together."

Well I have reason two. I just don't want to get back to someone I was engaged to, who then broke up with me and slept with other people. That situation is not marriage material to me. All I can see is she had the opportunity to not go to other people, and she discarded that opportunity. When I commit to someone to the point that I want to marry them, we will have no such thing to deal with. As far as I'm concerned, we were meant to be until she made us not meant to be. I don't think she did bad. I think I would waste valuable time of my life being with her when I could be spending it finding my best life instead. Exploring other great people who'd be great life partners without having to deal with them going elsewhere when they feel like it. Or just making the best of being single.

But I don't feel like telling her that. All she'll hear and tell everyone is me accusing her of cheating anyway.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AmItheAsshole) if you have any questions or concerns.*
