&gt; 1600 of these barges were completely without power. Imagine how effective D-Day would have been had the Allied forces used 1600 powerless barges pulled along by tugs in their landing offensive. 

They did. Power is only really an issue for the first wave, and 1000 powered craft which are six times the size of the Higgins boats would have been more than enough. During D-Day many of the heavier landing craft sank.

&gt;Even with the air and naval superiority that the allies had for D-Day it'd still have been an almost certainly impossible task.

Yeah, no. Nobody believed the Germans could pull of the invasion of France in 46 days but it happened. The whole thing came down to the Battle of Britain.

&gt;Public Relations.

Well someone's gotta make up shit that you'll believe.

&gt;They took the plans so seriously that they armed forces, err, didn't coordinate.

They coordinated. You may have noticed in your Goering quote that the chief of the Luftwaffe was meeting with the coordination point-man. 

&gt;In your very first reply to me you called me "an asshat". You then went on to say I was engaged in "plain fucktardary" and that I was "David Davis" levels of wrong.

Yes, these things are plainly true. You've talked bullshit for two days, can't admit you were wrong, have no evidence, and are so arrogant I'd be shocked if you have any kind of life outside the basement.

&gt;You began with insults, quite understandably as it's painful to be disabused of one's illusions.

Clearly it is for you.

&gt; I'm ending with insults, as we've clearly reached the part of the chess game where you metamorphose into a pigeon and begin shitting all over the board. I need to make that fun for me somehow, and insulting you is a great way to do it.

Those books I mentioned, you might actually want to read some because if you've reached the stage where you've gone beyond historically evidenced fact into invented fucktardary so deep that you've connected your mouth to your asshole, then you're in desperate need of re-education. 

You're so infantile, arrogant, and unaware that I doubt even the words of well known historians (which I've quoted over and over again) won't disabuse you.

&gt;I need to make that fun for me somehow, and insulting you is a great way to do it.

You need to work harder at your insults, they're not very insulting.
1/10, must try harder.





