&gt;They did, something like \~1000 of the D-Day craft were unpowered. Power is only really an issue for the first wave, and 1000 powered craft which are six times the size of the Higgins boats would have been more than enough. During D-Day many of the heavier landing craft sank.

That would make 3000 of the 4000+ used powered landing craft. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;They coordinated. You may have noticed in your Goering quote that the chief of the Luftwaffe was meeting with the coordination point-man.  


The only quote you've ever been able to cite in this entire argument says "and coordination among three branches of the armed forces was out of the question". It's hard to argue against someone who argues against their own citations.   


\&gt;Yes, these things are plainly true. You've talked bullshit for two days, can't admit you were wrong, have no evidence, and are so arrogant I'd be shocked if you have any kind of life outside the basement.  


If that's what you believe, then that's what you believe. But that's a problem for you, not for me. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;Yes, these things are plainly true. You've talked bullshit for two days, can't admit you were wrong, have no evidence, and are so arrogant I'd be shocked if you have any kind of life outside the basement.  


"When I insult someone - immediately as a first response to being challenged - I am just stating facts. But when I am insulted, after a long exchange, then that is ad hom abuse, employed only because they have no argument!"  


We've heard that one before sweetie.    


\&gt;You're so infantile, arrogant, and unaware that I doubt even the words of well known historians (which I've quoted over and over again) won't disabuse you.  


You've quoted one passage, which you're arguing against here. Everything else you've said is basic stuff which everyone knows and doesn't prove anything. If you think that is serious then well, that's your problem on not mine.   


But the facts remain what they are. 

&amp;#x200B;

The two key criterion for an invasion to even begin to even be seriously considered, let alone attempted were never achieved and probably couldn't be achieved. Those there at the time acknowledged this both at the time and later. As your own citation states, the three branches of the armed forces never began to coordinate. In the 6 years of Nazi rule, two prototype landing craft were produced, too late. The plan was so serious that 2/3rds of the makeshift landing craft were unpowered. 
