NTA ultimately because you were told they were coming to visit, not clean the whole apartment. 

Bearing in mind that I have a bias and I’m someone who has a spoiled sibling who’s parents have cleaned his apartment/coddled every inconvenience life gives him no matter how small, I don’t think it’s wrong for you to at least address the situation with him and explain that it makes you uncomfortable. 

Before attributing malice to what could be absolute ignorance, let’s assume for a moment that he might not think this behavior is unusual because it’s all he knows. I would suggest having a talk with him and being honest that you felt the situation was unnecessary. It is your home too, so you shouldn’t feel bad for expressing how you feel about the goings-on in your home. You can suggest it like “we’re both adults, I think we should both get into the habit of keeping up with our home,” and if he agrees maybe make a weekly chore list. 

If he relents or doesn’t attempt any changes, then at least lay down a boundary with him and explain that his parents don’t need to clean the entire apartment for both of you. And that while you appreciate what they’ve done, there’s no reason for them to clean anything more than *his room and bathroom.* If his parents come over again, there’s nothing weird about talking to them and explaining how this makes you feel guilty/bad for them/embarrassed/(adjective). 

I like my friends’ parents, but I would be mortified if I found any of them cleaning my living room or taking out my garbage and I’d be furious if my friend laid around while they dumped our trash and cleaned up our mess. So, I get the bitterness at your friend for lounging while his parents pat his ass and make his bed for him. But he admitted he’s sheltered and immature, so it’s likely he’s just really spoiled and unaware that moving out means you have to learn how to be a responsible adult. And he also appears unaware of what this “visit” portrays him as to his peers; an irresponsible child who isn’t willing to take initiative or change (and children don’t make the best roommates). But I digress...

Everyone in this situation is adults, so as long as it’s discussed before tensions over his laziness rise, then there shouldn’t be an issue. 
