It's early 2000 and the Indian Railway's travel is still infamous for loots and burglary frequenting on longer route trains during late nights.

I am not sure of the route but I suppose Mr. Jena was traveling from West Bengal to Odisha on the Eastern Coastal region. It was a Sleeper Compartment mostly reserved by passengers traveling back after attending marriage functions, as it was the wedding season in the east.

Exhausted and overfed most of the travelers were killing time by either playing cards or participating in loud conversations as the next station was way behind schedule and the train had halted on a dark patch between rice fields. Music similar to that of a typical village marriage function can be heard from a distance, and one can see the celebratory lights far in the east.

After a halt of 15 minutes finally, the train starts moving. As soon as it catches speed a skinny man jumps inside the coach. Covered with a blanket from head to feet, looks at the completely full compartment and walks to one of the side berths, sits comfortably while catching up on his breath loudly.

It's evident that he is traveling without a ticket and is one of the poor villagers who will get down at the next station.

Mr. Jena offers him a water bottle to which he shrugs as if he was irritated by the discomfort of being disturbed, while he anxiously looked out of the window of the moving train. A few minutes later a lady notices blood trickling from the poor man's feet. Alarmed she asks one of the men to inquire and help him, as the blanket man constantly looked out of the window at the passing villages in the dark. Worried, Mr. Jena enquired of the blanket man if he was hurt and needs medical help. He shrugs back again, louder and puts his feet inside the blanket while crouching under the blanket with just his eyes popping out of it.  One thing was very evident that there was continuous metal clinking sound coming from the blanket man as if he was carrying it in his hands, and covering it for safety reasons.

Tensions uprising around the berth as the blanket is soaked in red blood now and the man seems to be unaware and unaffected by the blood loss sits in the same posture without even shrieking from the pain.

Finally, other passengers question him about his whereabouts, name and where was he headed to? Startled by the increasing tension he spits at the floor and curses back at the passengers. One of the men gets up angrily to catch hold of him and finally teach him a lesson and report him to the TTE. As soon as the angry passenger tries to catch hold of the blanket, he jumps off the seat and heads towards the door. To everyone's surprise, he jumps out of the running train into complete darkness.

Next day in a local news article. 

"A newlywed bride reported missing from her inlaws house last night has been found murdered in rice fields near the railway tracks. The body has been stripped of all the jewelry while the right hand was mutilated from elbow down. The suspect is on the run..."


