I don’t understand why this isn’t as upvoted/commented on in this sub.  I relate to it so much

I think caring about things, motivation, will to do stuff, etc. is a thing we can’t prove exists.  But that thing that makes us care is more real than anything physical I  think

As I’m writing this, I feel like I care strongly about writing it. I don’t know why, but I do. I can give reasons like “I want to connect with someone similar” or “I want to help someone likeminded” but the real reason is our of my grasp.

The worst thing is that the more I’m consciously aware of how much I care about something. I suddenly care about it less.  It’s like once I know I might care about doing a thing, I start to SEE myself caring about it.  Like I’m watching myself in a movie.  I start to ask myself why I care about it.  Is is worthwhile? Is it good to care about it?  Will caring about it just let myself down when I fail again for the thousandth time?  I start to hate myself like how you would secretly hate a character in a movie if it’s basically a shitty version of yourself.  

This fucking cycle of self awareness detaches me from whatever it is that makes me care about things.  After a while, I feel like I’m just floating by, and the thing I cared about is gone.  It’s so constant

I think doomers are so detached and apathetic because all the time they’re not detatched they are so self aware of everything they are doing.  You’re either in painful self awareness, or blind detached mode. They are self aware of their failure and constantly punish themselves for it. They are conscious of their dreams, and punish themselves for failing them and later for forgetting their dreams altogether.  They push it all away and become robots just to feel less pain for a while

I think the only thing that’s keeping me caring about things is becoming blind to myself.  I genuinely want to see myself less like the main character in a movie. Becoming unfeeling and unaware and uncaring about everything at first actually works.  Being completely on autopilot.  Then you suddenly realize you’ve started to care about something after a long time of being blind to everything.  And I think that feeling that I actually lived in the moment for a bit is a bit of light at the end of the tunnel

I don’t know if this helps.  But, it feels good to write this and I don’t know exactly why.
