&gt; Tell us how vaccines "strengthen" the immune system.

https://www.chop.edu/centers-programs/vaccine-education-center/vaccine-science/vaccines-and-immune-system
https://www.livescience.com/32617-how-do-vaccines-work.html

&gt; Tell us where you get this delusion about a vaccine lessening the severity of symptoms

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4684491/
This is one for the flu vaccine because the flu vaccine is the most common, I could provide many others.

&gt; Tell us where you get this delusion that vaccines are "very effective, because I'm pretty sure you have never verified any of your vaccines actually worked for you.

https://www.chop.edu/centers-programs/vaccine-education-center/global-immunization/diseases-and-vaccines-world-view

https://ivaccinate.org/about-vaccines/vaccines-are-effective/

Hmmm, vaccines save millions of lives each year worldwide, I think that can be classified as "effective". 

&gt; I sense that you are aware of the fact that your vaccine propaganda isn't able to withstand criticism, which is why you are frantically trying to shut down the vaccine debate.

It's pretty sad that you are so arrogant and ignorant that you believe other people should be restricted from hearing vaccine criticisms, lest they come to a different conclusion than you

This is hilarious. You tell me that you sense that my arguments are weak when subject to criticism and I know this, and that is why I am attacking antivaxx arguments but you are wrong. I know how solid my arguments are because I have scientists, doctors, medical professionals, and tons and tons of evidence on my side, however your entire argument is based off of a shitty study and just "belief that we are wrong". Your entire argument's core pillar is saying that our evidence is filled with lies, and we should believe a mother whose kid that was at the expected age for showing autism and was showing signs. And this is hilarious because you have completely diverted the attention here, you haven't responded to any of my arguments. Let me state them again : If vaccines cause autism, how come there are absolutely no reports of older children "contracting autism" after getting vaccinations that need to be delivered at older ages? For example, hepatitis B vaccinations are usually delivered around age 10, yet how come there is nobody who has "contracted" autism around this age? Furthermore,and I am asking again, what actual proof do you have vaccines CAUSE autism, besides the correlations which actually don't even exist anymore, and the countless studies that disprove the link? You don't. You have proven that you have no answer, and instead waste your time diverting the argument so that you don't have to answer anything. Oh, and this time buddy, you can't just delete all my comments like you have done countless times on your subreddits, because this time you aren't a mod. So I challenge you buddy. Come up with arguments, any arguments of substance at all. 


