EXACTLY.

We need integrated, widespread social networks that can facilitate spreading messages of cultural acceptance and human positivity - progress and coexistence. 

We could get everyone on these communication platforms and use marketing and media technology to organically foster these society - anchoring ideals. All while breaking down geographical boundaries between communication!

Er, but we got Facebook and Instagram instead. 

I hate being the pessimist - but I'm not even sure what counts as a widespread measure that would be effective at this point - the cutting edge of widespread communication technology is actively used to lead society down this dark road for profit. 

Regulation, legal action, trusting our leaders, artists, professionals.

None of that has done any good. In fact that is part of the issue, they are not trustworthy. We largely idolize idiots and cheats. Braggarts and lowbrow hecklers. Surface level heros who give us a whiff of cool when we don't even have a solid enough concept of self worth to have value in our own real life characters. 

People are too stupid and apathetic to organize on a large enough scale. They are happy sucking down mediocre media and ignoring or not understanding the issues as long as it means they don't have to do any more dreadful thinking on the matter. 

We clearly need tons of organization, discussion, social exposure, compassion, intelligence and technology married to solve issues of human suffering. 

Those things are being actively muted to the point of being devolved. There are people with an active interest in society not getting its shit together, and who stand to profit more the worse it gets. They use politics, technology and entertainment to foster societies where these situations are limited. 

Why is public discourse so focused on ENTERTAINMENT?

You can't escape the water if your brother-rescuer is pushing your head under.

These people with their hands so deep in our lives need to be exposed and held accountable for their actions - the entire tree of corruption shaken for the safety of a future that is worth fostering. 

Marketing, analytics, entertainment, politics - it all needs to be hoisted into transparency with technology. If you were served content based on targeted marketing you should be shown with no degree of uncertainty what was used to determine the decision. 

Politicians and corporate management should have absolutely transparency and historical record of their decisions, stances and financial influence. 

I love you all but no one is going to understand that shit. Your average person won't even be able to understand what the fuck you are getting on about with your conspiracy theory crap. You will have lost them in the noise at "this is extremely important".

Certified rant at this point, but I can't see how you fix a problem where the money and technology are subverting cultural progress and at the same time the people fueling those industries are sufficiently isolated and ignorant that they don't even see the issues, and possibly can't or won't see the issues if someone manages to get their attention with a well articulated description. 

And it cyclically reinforces itself - people are at the mercy of their own lack of introspection being harnessed by asshole marketers who are being paid by assholes who don't care about what their actions do to society as long as they stay rich and isolated from it.

Am I a dick for harboring resentment for the average person because they are so fucking stupid that all it takes is an entertainment industry and some 6th grade lies to fuck society? Because they actually don't care about any of this stuff because its complex or requires them to be educated on a topic that isn't immediately entertaining?

I mean I do dumb shit too but I know when I'm about to walk everyone off the fucking cliff and that considering my life more important than the net of humanity, or actively not thinking about injustice because its complex - is backwards as shit and something that would confirm that I am a weak, self centered piece of shit.

Didn't intend for this all to come out but HEY ITS FRIDAY!
