I have so many baffling stories about this roommate I used to have. Sometimes I wonder of he was more “socially oblivious and unaware that he’s being disrespectful” or just “I don’t give a fuuuuuuck disrespectful”. I don’t think he was ever “rude disrespectful”.

This was about 2 or 3 weeks before he moved in with us. He had come over to pick up his key and casually announced that a friend of his would be staying on our couch for a weekend while she was attending an anime convention with him in the city. Keep in mind he had arranged the whole thing without ever telling or consulting roommate #2 and I long before moving in.

The day he moved in, I came home from work to find that he had moved furniture that was in the common areas to make space for his. For example, we had a little table by a window that he decided to prop up vertically, just so that he could place his cat tree there. He left the table in that position, still next to the window, the whole day, until I told him he just couldn’t do that.

Here’s the kicker; he had also decided to leave his computer desk behind when he moved in, because he thought it was too cumbersome. The problem with that is that he also had a desktop gaming PC and suddenly no desk to put it on. I came home from work one day to find that he had hooked up his machine to our living room TV. He had a wired mouse and keyboard, so the computer itself was in the middle of the room, between the TV and the coffee table. My other roommate and I told him that we understood he didn’t have a desk and that it was fine for now, but that he had to find one as soon as possible. 

He agreed. 

What followed was weeks of him sitting on the couch and playing (raging at) League of Legends for hours on end, him leaving his PC in the middle of the living room whenever he stopped using it, roommate #2 and I then trying to put it in a spot that didn’t make it look like we literally had a desktop computer in the middle of the living room and us asking him daily if he had found a desk. He would always answer that he didn’t have enough money for it (though once, 10 minutes after telling me he was broke, he asked me if I knew anyone who was selling a Nintendo 64???).

I was so happy when an ex-coworker of mine wrote on Facebook that her company was giving away office furniture because they were moving offices. I inquired about desks and immediately told him about it. He looked at me as if I had missed something obvious and said: “Yeah, but how am I supposed bring it back here?”
