&gt;Islam and the more primitive version of Christianity can exist all it wants in that part of the world. Not my concern. 

So when it's convenient for you, it doesn't matter? what a load of idiocy. You are by far, the most ignorant and stupid person I have met on reddit. Typical hypocrite moron.

&gt; Most adherents have shed the brutal aspects of the religion and have adopted the good it has to offer. 

Oh yeah, definitely seeing the "good" it has to offer in southern america and sub-saharan africa where they *ahem* practice FGM even more than muslims do, and still slaughter non-believers. 

&gt; Islam continues to be pure evil by modern standards. It does not belong in a civilized society. Muslims do not evolve. They do not assimilate. 

Hmm... really? Cause last I checked..

https://www.hrc.org/blog/majority-of-american-muslims-now-support-lesbian-gay-and-bisexual-people

Woah there, evangelicals are literally 20% less than muslims on that statistic. Wait a minute... evangelicals make up 1/3rd of the christian population in the USA?! Crazy, right? So according to statistical data, you are completely wrong. Muslims are progressing much faster in the western world than any other minority in the past have. You are just so blind and ignorant that you think a terrorist attack is representative of an entire 1.8 billion population, making ignorant generalizations like a hypocritical christian baffoon. You would have to realize that just recently, after american christians overwhelmingly support the iraq invasion in 2001, and meddling in syria, that these people have nowhere to go but further west. So blame your own. And stop with the "neutrality" bullshit. You are so obviously and clearly biased that a  blind person can see through you. who are you to oversee what muslims do? You don't. You simply look at the news like a brainwashed sheep and think you've got the entire population figured out. Imagine calling 2/7th of the population an "organization" Jesus, it's the same buzzwords with you weirdos. I doubt you've even met a muslim, let alone left that basement of yours. only someone so socially isolated would make grand assumptions of people.
