&gt; First off, Luke didn't actually attempt to kill Kylo. 

He ignited his lightsaber. Anyone who points an active weapon at anyone (including Police) is doing so with an intent to kill.

&gt;  Kylo, a passionate angry young man, kills a bunch of people and goes dark side, mostly out of spite. 

Out of spite he killed Jedi students and went to the dark side. I think that is a very flimsy reason to join the Dark side. Maybe he didn't agree with Jedi teachings at all, had heated discussion with Luke and then left to seek out what he agreed with. But that's not what happened.

Luke is also optimistic. He almost turned to the dark side but he pulled himself out by the sheer force of will. He hated dark side only upto second movie. He sensed good in Vader and turned him around. Had he been extremely averse to dark side, he would have tried to kill Vader.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; This is not a plot hole. 

Ok, let's say it is not. Even though it would have been THE MOST logical thing to do. It's staring right in the face of audience. I know first order is a reflection of neo-Nazi (Not Nazi). Are they so arrogant and ignorant that they:

* Will not shoot a known resistance fighter, is he came right in front of them and told a Yo Mama joke.
* Will only shoot resistance ships once (in the beginning they do send out fighters, and Leia floats back to the ship). They could easily do it again.
* They would make no effort to trap the fleeing enemy.

Perhaps they are full of hubris, but that's very subjective. The movie didn't focus on first order's hubris, but presented it as *smart tactics and thinking of* the resistance.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; how did Kylo's character progress by killing him? 

I didn't mean it as in he didn't switch sides. But what did he learn by killing him? His designation changed from apprentice to supreme leader. It appears he probably killed him to:

* Gain power?
* Didn't like the way Snoke boasted about controlling his every action and thought?
* Disagreed with his ideology? We know he is not a sith, perhaps his ideology is different from the Sith. Perhaps not.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; It's exciting to watch and I'm glad someone is finally making the fascist stand-ins finally acting like actual fascists, through and through. 

That's literally what sith do and it is told about in every trilogy. In return of the Jedi, Vader wanted to kill Sidious. and Sidious wanted Luke to kill Vader. 

In revenge of the sith, Anakin tried to kill Obi-Wan, his master. 

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; Rey grew up on Jakku and had to learn to fight from a young age. 

Self-defence, not fighting. As I said, it is different to knock out a few untrained thugs and completely different to kill praetorian guards.

By what metric am I judging their skill?

In novelization Kylo himself said that they were more powerful than him. In Comics we see how they were trained and selected. They are more than capable of holding down a horde of stromtroopers.

Rian based them on ceremonial guards of Samurai, not the fascist regime.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; She used a staff, which is fairly similar to a lightsaber 

Lightsaber is not similar to staff. Darth maul had a staff, you can look how his fighting style is different when he holds light saber.

Swinging lightsaber isn't going to train anyone and if I am not wrong, Rey learned that she was force sensitive in TFA. So I don't think she had a whole lifetime of experimenting with powers.

She was basically a Jedi nerd which enabled her to:

1. Defeat Kylo (when he was wounded, yes. But Kylo at that point was trained for atleast a few years.
2. Take a light saber away from Kylo, which is, being stronger with the force than him, inherently.
3. Kills 3 praetorian guards.
4. Breaks a lightsaber.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; But The Last Jedi actually explains this in the background. It's subtle. 

Once again, she discovered she could use the force too in TFA. Fantasizing about doing something and then actually doing that are different. A good movie should show the struggle the main protagonist goes through, and it should be more than a minute.

We can see how other movies implemented it:

* Luke thought he was strong enough to defeat Vader. But lost his hand instead.
* Anakin couldn't defeat Obi-Wan when he thought he was more powerful than before.

Just because Rey knew Jedi mind trick exists, she shouldn't be able to use it immediately. And that's my take on this.

These movies were visually impressive and had good battle sequence. But everything else was..not good. They could have made it better, but they couldn't.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; She's made incredible leaps that seemed unlikely, but not impossible. Just like Luke did in A new Hope. 

Incredible feat? Luke fired one torpedo using force. Not incredible, fairly basic Jedi stuff.
