In your first comment, you claimed you went into the movie with no expectations. I didn't address this because I didn't think it would be useful, but now I feel that I must. A lot of the things you bring up in this second comment are expectations. You expected Luke to act a certain way. You expected the First Order to be perfectly functional and logical and without weakness. And you expected similar things out of Snoke. You expected Rey to not have any proficiency with her force abilities.

And I'm not saying I went into the movie without expectations either. My point is that we all go into these movies with expectations, and this movie meant to address the very concept of expectations. Literally everyone's plans for this movie failed. Snoke's plan to defeat the Resistance and gain another powerful Force user? Failed. Luke's plan to stay out of the fighting and stay forever on that island? Failed. Rey's plan to get Luke to become the warrior she expected? Failed. Poe's plan? Failed. Holdo's plan? Failed. Phasma's plan? Failed. Finn's plan to escape and see Rey? Failed. Rose's plan? Actually partially succeeded because she did get to destroy parts of Canto Bight. But mostly they failed too. 

This movie was one of the most anticipated movies in one of the most aggressive and toxic fanbases (Kylo is literally a toxic cosplayer. He doesn't need the mask. He dresses up because he wants to appear like a Sith Lord). They were addressing how different people deal with failure. With their plans for how things should go, going wrong. I saw all the fan theory posts. People wanted certain things out of this kind of a movie, and when we were *all* surprised and *all* told "This is not going to go the way you think", some people reacted more like Kylo, and some reacted more like Rey. 

This movie was about how to deal with failure and disappointment. And no, that's not me saying "they made a bad movie so we can all learn a lesson". I think my positions on the movie have been made pretty clear. 

&gt;He ignited his lightsaber. Anyone who points an active weapon at anyone (including Police) is doing so with an intent to kill. 

True, but also not what I compared it to. I didn't say "aimed a gun", I said "drew their gun". Pulling out a weapon is not an intend to kill. Otherwise you'd have intent to kill every time you cleaned your gun. Or moved it. Or just wanted to go to the shooting range and take some practice shots.

Luke touched darkness, reacted, then hated himself for the reaction. I don't understand what's so impossible about that. It's exactly the same Luke we saw in Empire Strikes Back. He had that dream where he killed Darth Vader in the cave on Dagobah. He literally reacted to the darkness in front of him, and then realized he'd only hurt himself by striking with fear in his heart.

And then, years later, his fear of the dark side almost pushes him to make the same mistake again. Reactive fear. And he's sickened by himself. The dark side was a huge trigger for Luke (remember how he reacted with anger in Return of the Jedi?). 

&gt; He hated dark side only upto second movie. He sensed good in Vader and turned him around. Had he been extremely averse to dark side, he would have tried to kill Vader. 

Right, he sensed *good* in Vader, which is why he gave him a chance. He didn't suddenly become ok with the Dark Side. He literally saved his father *from* the Dark Side. And do you not remember the Dagobah hallucination? How did he react to seeing Vader then? 

&gt;Are they so arrogant and ignorant that they:  
&gt;  
&gt;Will not shoot a known resistance fighter, is he came right in front of them and told a Yo Mama joke.  
&gt;  
&gt;Will only shoot resistance ships once (in the beginning they do send out fighters, and Leia floats back to the ship). They could easily do it again.  
&gt;  
&gt;They would make no effort to trap the fleeing enemy.

Yes.

And this is one of the things I was talking about earlier. Why are you upset by these events? We don't seem to disagree about what the First Order did. But you seem to be in denial about what these events say about the Firsts Order. It says "they're over-confident", and you're unhappy with this. Why?

Is it possible you expected them to be brutally competent? They're obviously still dangerous, but did you expect them to function properly and always been logical? That's just not the villain these films are constructing. The First Order is brittle. That's the point. 

&gt; It's staring right in the face of audience. 

and

&gt; The movie didn't focus on first order's hubris

These contradict each other. You can't have it both ways. So which is it? Was this an obvious flaw in the First Order's actions? So obvious that the audience could easily go "they should just send some ships ahead", or whatever. Or was it not present in the movie? 

I think you've done the easy part already. You've recognized a flaw in the plans of a character/organization\*. But you didn't connect why the filmmakers put it there. To give us a specific reason why the bad side fails. They're overconfident. They literally wait for their supreme leader's ship to show up just to watch the final fight. There was no reason for Snoke's ship to be there, and the logical thing is to have Snoke nowhere near the danger. But they're all overconfident, and that is why they fail. 

\*Really, it's both because the hubris is more rooted in Hux himself, since he's commanding things. But the flaw is in the hierarchy of the First Order, which has given a fool like Hux power that he doesn't deserve

&gt;but presented it as *smart tactics and thinking of* the resistance.

Smart and desperate. It wasn't some massive plan that would undo all of Snoke's power. It was a clever plan to get out of dodge (while still taking on massive losses). And it would have worked had Poe not accidentally told the plan to someone that was willing to sell them out (DJ). Actually, this is also on Finn's shoulder's as well. He let DJ listen. It's both of their faults.

&gt; But what did he learn by killing him?  

*We* learned that Snoke was really just an overconfident fool that could be easily tricked despite all his power. Again, this plays into their whole hubris thing. But I don't expect Kylo to have demonstrated he learned this in the two hours after it happened (that's all the time we had left in the movie, give or take. In-movie time, not movie run time btw. I'm estimating how long that last fight took). 

Also, I imagine this might all go to Kylo's head. He might become overconfident as well, even though he didn't defeat Snoke in a fair fight. He might buy into his own false legend and start thinking he's way tougher than he really is.

&gt; Gain power? 

He's now in charge of the First Order? Political power, not Force powers. There's more than one type of power.

This post got too long so I had to divide it up into two comments.
