The Marine Corps is the entity that designates and grants unit insignia, symbols, sigils, uniform decorations and other elements of the Marine uniform and unit identification emblems.

The Marine Corps would never, and has never, authorized or granted the use of the SS bolts for designating *any* role in the Corps. They have also never and would not designate any other Nazi-associated iconography for such a purpose.

We know that the Marine Corps did not give these people authorization to use the SS bolts. They did that *on their own*.

Now, you can argue that maybe they didn't know what it meant. But then you'd have to be able to show that *all* of these people were unaware of the association the symbol carried with the Nazi Schutzstaffel.

In order to make that argument, you'd have to assert and demonstrate that Marines are *breathtakingly* stupid, and so ignorant at all levels of rank that no one noticed or said anything about these flags or symbols.

Now, I know we all love to make fun of Marines for being jarheads, being dumb, and so forth. But I know and worked with more than a few, and they're not stupid. And even if there are some idiots, you can't make an argument that the *entire Marine Corps is so utterly stupid and ignorant that no one, not ONE person noticed this and said "ayo hol up".*

No, the more logical and reasonable conclusion is that the people using these sigils knew *precisely* what they meant, and that the culture of the Marines is such that even if you knew what it represented and disliked it, you'd be placing yourself or your advancement at risk if you made a stink about it.

No amount of apologia for the use of these symbols changes that. These people are *Nazi sympathizers*. Some of them- a *very* few- *might* have been ignorant, but it is laughably stupid, to the point of being offensive, to say that they were unaware of the meaning of these symbols at all the levels of command that had to be aware of their use.

No. The argument that they're just using German symbology (that's *illegal in Germany*) doesn't fly.
