I disagree. You cannot tell people what to do.  they are free to decide what they’re doing with their time and money. And while I do understand where you’re coming from, I think your wording doesn’t do you any favours. You can try and educate people but you shouldn’t tell them what to do as that really doesn’t go well,  like ever. 


You also have to realise one important thing. People who sell on Etsy as hobby and side income are etsy’s target market. Etsy is specifically targeting them. At one point, etsy ceo made a forum q&amp;a where he referred to “spreading the love” and trying to increase the income people get from Etsy, so it represents higher contribution to their household budget (it was worded way better but the idea is the same). 

Etsy fully knows that their target market are women, often stay at home moms who would love to contribute to their budget and Etsy “makes it easy.” Etsy knows it full well and caters towards them with their modern feminist approach (we’re  proud because 80% of our seller are women or identify as women). They know it and they use very well. They use feminist agenda against women who are simply unaware of that. as a women it really pisses me off. I hate being treated like I need special treatment because I’m a woman and obviously I can’t  achieve success without superficial limits imposed by the government or big businesses to make sure everything is 50/50 instead of allowing the best at excelling. But Etsy uses it, they put it in pretty words and stats and proudly show it to their sellers. 

Ultimately, etsy is not ideal for professional sellers. Their tools are very limited, their stats poor. Any business that solely relies on etsy should really rethink their business model as that’s asking for trouble. Etsy is made for people who have no experience in ecommerce, the dashboard is as basic as it  can get yet you still have people who are throughly confused about how Etsy works. And again, etsy is fully aware, they don’t cater towards full time sellers, if they did, they’d have to make some significant changes to the site. They don’t want that, they want as many people paying for seller services as possible and unaware and not business savvy people are the easiest target. Full time sellers often keep a close eye on their finances, they know when they have to cut the cost. That’s not always true with part time sellers. 

But like I have mentioned above, you shouldn’t tell people what they can or cannot do. You end up sounding preachy. And while I do understand your intentions, I don’t think you fully grasp the full time sellers side on Etsy either.  You are under the impression that all of us use Etsy advertising with huge budgets. That’s simply not true (not for everyone). You’re oversimplyfying and categorising people and that can be annoying.
