SURPRISE!!!

That's it. That is essentially Star Vs The Forces of Evil in one word because every single thing about this episode was just insane and just full of surprises both good and bad!

There is just so much to say and being this is just before the finale...

What can I even say that hasn't already been done?

*Pizza Party* opens up interestingly on the past of Mewni and the life of Mina Loveberry before becoming the (insane) warrior she is today. Mina is seen as a struggling rag peddler when suddenly a monster comes to attack her village! Mina and her village are then saved by none other than Queen Solaria "The Monster Carver" who claims the land for the mewmans even though the village was actually built on the monster's own nest. Solaria then attempts to get volunteers to become warriors to aid in the fight against the monsters though the villagers quickly decline for selfish and lazy reasons. After all, why should the mewmans fight when their queen can simply use magic instead? The answer may surprise you...

Just as Solaria is about to depart (with a baby Eclipsa with her. Oh!! So Cute! How Adorable) Mina then tells her how inspiring and powerful of a queen she is. This leads to the Monster Carver to convince Mina to join her and become Mewni's greatest warrior. It's difficult to admit but this makes Mina (somewhat) sympathetic to understand. Because to begin with, it showed that Mina was simply a peasant who was just trying to survive as the war between the monsters and mewmans raged on. Then she met a powerful Queen who saw potential in her and simply asked that Mina swears her loyalty. That very same devotion and belief in her queen is what allowed Mina to survive and live as long as she did given how she was the last of the Solarian Warriors (that is until now).

Probably for once in her very difficult life, Mina was seen as someone worthy and was told that she can be as powerful as the queen she admires. Mina is then awaken from her memories as the crow from the rooster is heard and then declares that she shall finally bring justice for Mewni just as Solaria once did long ago...

Back in the Monster Temple,  it has just been revealed that Moon has betrayed Star and Eclipsa. Moon believes that Eclipsa is not fit to be queen while admitting that she blames Eclipsa for taking her away from her family and so orchestrated with Mina Loveberry and the Magic High Commission to remove Eclipsa. Star becomes enraged and begins to fight Moon for igniting a revolution against her very own daughter. Star had worked so hard to justify the decision she made to allow Eclipsa to be queen and believed that her mother was finally supporting only to discover it was all a lie.

Moon then tries explain that Mina was already beginning to try to dethrone Eclipsa and simply stopped her from going too far by having Mina under her command instead. Moon then tells Eclipsa that she has the choice between surrendering the crown to her and to have the family leave Mewni forever or she shall unleashed the Solarian warriors onto the Monster Temple. Eclipsa begrudgingly agrees to her terms and so the magic wand is returned to Moon once more.

[Meanwhile the MHC are watching this all unfold and are celebrating the surrendering of Eclipsa with a pizza party.

This may have just become the most ironic title given in the series history. And that's saying something. As Rhombulus and Omnitraxus Prime are shown happy to soon return to the glory days, Hekapoo is less then convince that everything is fine. She's still worried about Mina and so bails on the party to go somewhere else. Though now, there can be no doubt just how selfish and ignorant that the MHC truly are. If anyone deserves to be evil, then it's them.]

Just before Mina arrives, Moon attempts to reassure Star that exiling Eclipsa from Mewni is what's best to end the conflict but Star no longer trusts her mother anymore. Mina is pleased that Eclipsa has surrendered though still wishes to kill her and her monster love. Though Moon tries to persuade Mina that it isn't necessary, she realizes too late that Mina seeks more than just death for Eclipsa and Globgor. Mina wishes to fulfill her vow to Queen Solaria to destroy all the monsters once and for all. Moon then reveals that she was the one who created the Solarian Warriors and so casts a spell to undo the magic.

...But it does not succeed.

Mina explains that the warriors have pledged their loyalty to Queen Solaria and so Moon's magic has no effect despite being the creator. Betrayed, the group attempts to flee until the warriors block their escape. Mina then has her army arrests all the monsters and monster supporters to be executed. It all seems hopeless as Mina begins to attack them with her Solarian sword until...

*The Tavern at the End of the Multiverse* reveals that Hekapoo portaled away Star, Marco, Moon, Eclipsa, and Meteora to safety. Somewhere far, far away...
