&gt; So when you claim that men get assaulted more than women, you use it as a fact or a statistic to help your argument. But when I turn around and give you other facts, it's women "loving to portray themselves as victims?"

Just because you and most other women love to play the victim, it does not mean that I like to play it as well. I was merely correcting you because you made a false statement.

&gt;It absolutely has to do with privilege, and the actual fact that you use patriarchy in quotations as a way to delegitimize its existence shows that you are the one who is out of touch and completely delusional. But I can see that just by seeing what you've said in these few paragraphs and skimming through some of your comment history.

Likewise. You have clearly been brainwashed by the retarded feminists. But keep on whining and using the patriarchy as an excuse for your failures. I'm sure that it will help. 

&gt;I don't even know where to begin in regards to your statements about women's expectations of men in the dating world. You're just stating opinions or maybe personal experiences. Your own self-consciousness about your role in the dating world is pathetic and deeply distorting your view of women. It's not 1950 anymore. Women aren't complaining about men who don't make the first move or men who make less than then. If you think all women want to have sex like they do in porn then you definitely haven't had a real interaction with one in a long time.

No, you are simply just ignorant about what is happening in the dating market. And if you look at what women want in a man, and the type of sex that they say they like, then it's pretty much the same kind of sex that people see in porn. Women want a well-endowed guy who can last for ages. Go to women's subreddits and forums and see what they write about men and sex. Their criticism related to sex is always about the guy's size and stamina. Check them out and you will see that I am right.

&gt;You have this negative idea of feminism and believe that they hate men, when in fact they probably just hate YOU because you're self-centered, confused, and have absolutely no idea what is going on with the fight for women equality. Arguing with you is pointless, and you will never grow as a human being if you continue to hold on to these disgusting views. Try reading a history book. I would suggest "Caliban and the Witch," by Silvia Federichi. Now, she's a feminist and a marxist, so that might turn you off, but read the book and you will learn so much about the struggles of women. Maybe it'll even give you an easier time in the dating world.

Now you are just projecting. You are very confused, stupid, hypocritical and ignorant. You are the one who has no clue about what feminism actually is. You are so stupid and ignorant that you actually think that feminism is about gender equality. If you actually bothered to look into what the large feminist organizations are doing, then you would realize that feminism is about female supremacy. They do not want gender equality.

But here is some reading material for you: http://archive.ph/jCOLN
