You're just plain wrong. 

&gt;Except the Right is super angry and violent. They've committed multiple terrorist attacks

Let's talk facts instead of meaningless platitudes and empty claims. 46% of the voting public voted for Donald Trump. 43% (myself certainly not included) currently "approve of the job Trump is doing in the White House." Are you so blindly partisan and ignorant that you'd take far right-terrorist attacks and conclude that the entire right is super angry and violent? According to RAND and the UMD Global Terrorism Database, since 1992 out of those murdered in terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, 92% were murdered in Islamist terror attacks. I know for a fact you're not going to say muslims are super angry and violent. Does 9/11 skew that data? Yes and no. I'd argue the more ambitious and deadly an attack is meant to be, the more serious the threat of similar attacks, especially when post 9/11 there are plenty of cases of thwarted bomb plots on airplanes and botched car based attacks that in similar circumstances have killed 80+ people. When an Islamist terrorist killed 50 people in a nightclub, did you stand up and say that muslims are all homophobic?  I bet not.

Now we look at right-wing terrorist attacks, accounting for 6.6% of terrorism deaths over the same time frame. The OKC bombing, second only to 9/11 in death toll, accounts for 77% of of that 6.6%. That said, the OKC bombers were part of a "right-wing" group that is even further to the right than the alt-right. They reject the legitimacy of law enforcement and the federal government, and the bomber was furious after the FBI Waco siege, the results of which were his motive in carrying out the bombing on the Alfred Murray Federal building. How many republicans do you know that would choose as a target a federal building that housed the Veteran Affairs rehab center, DEA, secret service, and Military recruitment offices? Probably not a fair categorization, but you get the point.

If you really want to blame the right for Dylan Roof shooting up a church, should the right say the left is violent and angry they lost the election, so angry that they are to blame for the attempted mass shooting at a congressional charity baseball game that left several republican congressman shot? Dylan Roof was a racist, and you could argue that Trump emboldened him, but he didn't know or care if those people were right or left, just that they were black. This guy attempted to assassinate sitting members of congress because they were republican. Days ago an armed women tried to ram through the white house fence, and this wasn't even her first attempt. Is the left out to kill right wing politicians? 

Back to terrorist deaths, in the same large period left-wing terrorism accounted for just 23 deaths. However of that 23, 13 occured in the two years following Trump's election. In those first two years, right-wing terrorist attacks killed just 5. So why then do we hear so much about the upswing of right wing terror on the right? Well, just about every single one of those channels is citing a study that is questionable at best. The study claims, "Last year[2017], 20 of the 34 terrorist murders in the United States were connected to right-wing extremism." But the study includes murders like this one:

&gt;Kelly Raisley, believed to be a member or associate of the 211 Crew white supremacist gang, was arrested on first-degree murder charges for the murder of his uncle, Randy Gene Baker. Baker’s wife and sister were similarly arrested. The motive was apparently personal.

That sound like a right-wing terror attack?

&gt;White supremacist Devon Arthurs allegedly shot to death two of his roommates for making fun of his recent conversion to Islam. All three, and a fourth roommate, were members of Atomwaffen, a neo-Nazi group.

Really?

&gt;Wesley Andrew Hampton, a self-declared white supremacist, and another defendant allegedly robbed and murdered a man in a home invasion.

?

None of those are terror attacks, and frankly none of them appear motivated by rightward leanings. Another study oft quoted included the case of a man who dropped out of school after being harassed for being a republican. He then took a machete to a coffeeshop and blathered on about being persecuted. That sound like a terror attack, or a bullied kid with mental issues?
