I certainly didn't mean to imply that I look down on rural areas. I can completely understand why people would rather live in rural areas than urban ones, and where you live is an individual preference. There's no right or wrong answer.

And as someone who lives in a big city, I definitely see a bias assuming that people in rural areas are somehow less educated, which I agree with you is wrong and ignorant.

That said, I think there is legitimate frustration that our political system is not adapting to the demographic changes in our country, and that is disproportionately giving rural citizens more of a vote than urban ones.

The Senate portion of this is debatable. The Senate was specifically designed to give voters in less-populated states equal representation, although some of this actually isn't completely historically accurate, but that's a whole separate dorky rant!

So I'm alright with the Senate remaining as is since it was meant as a check on the power of the majority, but I do think the House should double in size because, well, the population is not quite the same as it was 200 years ago.

But most importantly the electoral college has to go. It's an arcane concept that wasn't built into the constitution and was intended to subvert the will of people in case they voted "wrongly" so smarter people could override their votes. We can't keep going on having presidents win the White House via the electoral college while losing the popular vote. It's just not remotely democratic. One vote, one person -- or else we're going to go down a serious rabbit hole if millions more Americans voted for one person, but their opponent wound up in the Oval Office. This will eventually begin to tear the fabric of our country apart.

THAT'S where I think a lot of the urban resentment stems from, because obviously the electoral college benefits less-populated swing states and has deprived other voters of their voice. We literally put Iowa up -- a state with 3 million people -- as some kind of hallowed barometer of the national mood just because the first primaries happen to take place there. Candidates also spend an inordinate amount of time campaigning and catering to voters in swing states, specifically because they know their votes count more than votes in larger states that already lean heavily right or left. This reinforces the nation's political divide. If politicians were forced to campaign more evenly across the country because every vote carried the same weight, it would force them to moderate their views and relearn the art of compromise. It would also dilute the power of extremists on both sides of the political aisle.

While the Constitution was set up to protect the minority, we're veering toward a tyranny of the minority imo. Basically, our politics does not reflect the huge demographic changes taking place, and this IS shortchanging urban voters.

So yes I feel those political frustrations are legitimate. But otherwise, I think our rural areas are cool, unique places and I certainly don't think they deserve the hate or stereotypes they sometimes get.
