&gt;Like what?
That life is full of suffering that needs to be minimized. 

That before bringing a child into the world one must have their intentions, finances, and health in check

That suicide should be a human right. 



&gt;In the end your undeserved, reckless overconfidence being your final rebuttal to the sober, measured, concerned arguments antinatalists present you with show you as nothing more than a daterministic pawn; unable to so much as respond with the same measured sobriety and quiet consideration for fear that all this will slow you down from your "obligations" of eluding the mysterious shadows of your psyche. 

Translation : "Despite the faulty arguments antinatalism puts forth you still donit see it our way and so I will automatically declare you unintelligent." 

&gt;And so you fall into your expanding obligations and limitations, at once unaware and aware, and unable to so much as concede the importance of being an aware and responsible being with the minimum required amount of intelligence. This all works for you insofar as you perceive yourself as on the winning end, completely helpless to even attempt to admit that this is an indeed hostile world, where your fellow humans will most likely not lift a finger to help you when you really need it. 

So much of that is nonsensical I'm overwhelmed with how to even start, so I won't. 

&gt;I continue to have some hope that you might turn to show me a beautiful and unpredictable expression, but that's just me.

That is just you. It's not realistic to hope for a spontaneous change of opinion without a logical reason to do so.  Just saying that you're right and I'm wrong doesn't make it so. 

&gt;The only thing I wish is that things were different and we lived in an existence where we recognized one another as friends, as two breaths on opposite sides of the same uniting essence.

Sure.  Me too. I don't share the same animosity towards you as you do me.  I just speak plainly and honestly. 


&gt;But that looks as unlikely to happen as humanity doing what it should as opposed to the only thing it can, with you and your hopeful pals making up the billions of optimists perpetually in agreement that some important things still need to get done. But it can wait because things are good enough in the meantime. 

More nonsense. 


&gt;One other thing, you don't have to make excuses for the world; among other questionable things, that's a convenient move to hide your own flaws behind. In the end, the world, society, etc are just made up of individuals.

I didn't think I was.  Whatever ulterior motives you think I have I assure you are misunderstood. 

&gt;Yes, forgive me that I am feeling quite despondent at such interactions, they all seem like one. 
Not that I fault you for it, you might still be a troll and not a genuine person (sorry, but that would make me happy). But, as you probably are genuine, I thank you for the interaction and send respect to you, along with no hard feelings.

No hard feelings here either.  I highly suspect a lot of your fury comes from natalist arguments that are crass and undiplomatic.  I would only advise you that a lot of us aren't rude uneducated buffoons that you probably encounter on here all the time.  There's an extremely large population of us that understand a lot more than you think and have capacity for sophisticated and civil discussion.  On the same token there's probably a lot of angry natalists that have encountered one too many self proclaimed moral superiors (not just antinatalists) and are tired of the same old song and dance, no longer willing to give other positions a reflective consideration.
