:)

A Clintonite! Welcome to my humble post! Well let's get to it. 

I took Ivey's quote from a single email and a brief one at that. There's not much context to remove. But let's review those two sentences of extra context:

&gt;JFK, Jr would be delighted by all this as his "George" magazine saw celebrity politics coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its time but now looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can she do to offset this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. 

Ivey is...old. He probably hasn't seen this type of resistance from the American constituency for a long time. He's mistaking disgust with the government for celebrity worship. Trump's popularity was meant to be seen as a big, fat middle finger to the establishment, not some avid *Idiocracy*-like development. The fact that your kind are only able to read this rejection of establishment candidates as an ode to the power of celebrity just underscores how divorced you are from the reality on Main St. 

The American people didn't willingly vote for Trump. It was more like being extorted. A lot of election fraud had to occur to keep more desirable candidates out of the general election. 

&gt;Americans wanted to be enterained in that election, not given solutions to our problems.

That is not true at all. Again, a lot of election fraud occurred to keep every candidate but Hillary and the-only-man-who-had-a-chance-of-losing-to-Hillary out of the general election. I know that is quite the claim to make and unfortunately I cannot prove it in a few sentences or even another separate post, but rather a series of posts. I have the body of evidence to defend this claim, I just can't present it all in a single paragraph. 

Now let's take one last look at that damning quote:

&gt; And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.

If by "we" Ivey means American society in general, then I for one was not aware that we were all complicit in conspiring to stupefy ourselves through a sub-par education. I should have paid more attention at the meetings, I guess.  

Honestly, where do you get off spinning this shit? He clearly says "we" as in guys like him and Podesta **CONSPIRED** to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. No one was conspiring but him and his ilk, you gaslighting son-of-a-bitch. 

He proceeds to say that having an idiotic constituency is fine, but the fact that they're not compliant is a problem. "The unawareness remains strong," (a good thing) "but compliance is fading rapidly" (a problem). Why would the lack of compliance be a problem in a free society?
