&gt;And? The media and the two parties collaborate 'to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry'.

Yes, and it's awful. I agree. Though I wouldn't dare say everyone or even both parties are equally to blame.
Let's be clear: **one party is for affordable education** and the other is simply not. The only education agenda for the Republican party is privatization and introducing Christian indoctrination into public education. 

They are not equal, not by a long shot. 
**But yes, absolutely I agree, the political and media class over the last 50 years has produced an ineffective citizen mass**, especially in terms of electing honest leaders, designing economic revolution, advocation of human rights, pursuing equality and ridding the world of war.

&gt;The relevance of such a situation remains the same whether it is just the DNC 'conspiring' to do so, or the entire 'political class' as you've put it. In the US partisanship is a game for the masses to play, not the 'political class' that always converges on key issues and only diverges on (relatively) irrelevant BS.

Agreed, but that wasn't his point was it?

Why are you asking "so what?" and "AND!" questions to me when I'm directly replying to someone else's claim, one different from your own?

That's a weird way to converse?

&gt;The unawareness remains strong. In other words, 'the unawareness' is not the problem at hand. 

No, it still is. You're misinterpreting this. Ivey does not want an unaware citizen class, literally read anything he's written. Again, he's lamenting the lack of policy driven voting, HE DOESN'T LIKE IT.

If he did, his candidate would have won by a fucking landslide. Right? You could agree on that? 

&gt;Sure, it's possible for one to screw up a sentence when writing e-mails and write something you did not intend to, but what we have here is three coherent sentences that match all too well. At the absolute least you cannot deny that he perceives the US citizenry as unaware and that he finds it a good thing as long as they vote for the right candidates (hence the prior consideration of Clinton being an 'entertainer' herself).

I mean that's just obviously wrong.
He's aware of the problem but doesn't approve. You're just plainly wrong here and I think it's obvious to most anyone who reads it with any level but zero of charity.

&gt;I wonder what kind of "civics and policy-driven discourse" can one lament the loss of if one believes the people were unaware and compliant to begin with. Mind telling me?

.... is this serious?

I won't state the same argument over. I'll let Bill Ivey do it:

&gt;If these three sentences had appeared in a letter or essay, as opposed to a quick e-mail, they would read like this:

&gt;“And as I’ve mentioned, Washington Republicans, Independents, and Democrats have been quite content to sit quietly as pundits and candidates demean government and elected leaders, quite content to let the study of education fade from our schools, and all-too comfortable as our citizenry then becomes unaware and compliant. Unawareness remains rampant, but as the Sanders and Trump campaigns demonstrate, compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking…”

&gt;No “master-of-the-universe” conspiracy; just a lament that leaders and policy makers have not been sufficiently attentive to some of the basics that make our democracy great.

Bill Ivey



Seriously, Bill Ivey was the founding editor of the Journal of Country Music.

**Why the fuck are you pretending he's some democracy super predator teaming up with the Podesta's to dumb the world down when he literally states the opposite?**

Seriously, this is a joke.

Go back to chemtrails or I'm just gonna start one-upping your stupid conspiracy theories with more extravagent ones.
