
"If you want to take things in that direction, I should mention that the Freeflow Fighting System, the foundation of the Arkham series, also goes against the spirit of Batman. He is supposed to be fast, decisive, strategic and stealthy, not someone who gets into huge brawls with a coliseum full of thugs."

There are plenty of comic depictions of him facing several foes at the same time. Unorthodox, not to mention crazy, is to see bruce wayne with super-powers able to make several metahumans envy of him. Its making a game whose 2 most well-remembered gadgets are actually stolen from criminals. But we don't need to go so far as to the comics (or the 66s series). AO cant even remain faithful to what was depicted in AA and AC.

"The Shock Gloves aren't his technology."

That's PRECISELY the point. You cant see the forest because there are way too many trees obscuring your view. If you cant see reason, justification or sense behind the criticism... Maybe you should question yourself if the problem lies not in you.

Do you need me to spell it out? If Batman uses the gadget for the majority of the game to the point that the stolen gadgets become the strongest memories, they are alien to the batman mythos. 

If am to play a superman game, i want to use the abilities commonly associated with him. Super-strength, super jumps, flying, heat vision... I do not want to read minds. I do not want to cast spells. If it is a Flash game, I do not want to swim and communicate with sea creatures with my mind. If it is a green arrow game, I do not want to cast spells and travel in time. 

In a nutshell: AO, with its gadgets and abilities is less faithful to what audiences expect from a batman game. And it is even less faithful to the 2 games it had the obligation to maintain consistency. 

Forget realism, forget danger. Think consistency. Think brand-recognition.


"Besides, there is also the danger."

Ao is the game that practically eliminated the danger. All the games had devices that would be instant-kills for enemies, like exploding devices, the voice-gadget, but they would have very limited use. Most of the times you would only be able to use it once. Maybe twice. In the case of Knight, most predator rooms are filled with enemies, constantly adapting to his attacks and changing tactics. 

I mean, using the remote claw to eliminate 5 enemies in a room? This is way too easy. 

"Bruce Wayne is not stupid."

Actually, if we take AO seriously, he certainly is. I mean, when he was still training in Asia he developed super-powers that far surpass anything he was able to do as Batman. Casting smoke that instead of alerting everyone in the room actually make him invisible and inaudible to the point that inside a predator scenario he can run towards the enemy and take him/her down safely? If he abandoned this technique, he is a fool. 

Also, he is a fool for trading a totally bad-ass Bat-suit and his working grapnel gadget to the tech we see in AA. 

He is also a fool for not using his "dead zone" hologram for crime scenes in AA and AC. AK used this device briefly on a scene just to give some recognition to AK and to state that such device indeed existed. They were trying to give some consistency to the story, something that AO never bothered to do.

AO and its story were so bad that the game did not just screw-up its own story, but conflicts with what we saw previously as depicted as the future. 

And this is not subjective criticism based on what pleases or displeases someone. This is actually factual analysis, factual criticism that one should not be able to deny in good faith.

But if that is your idea of a good story, go for it. Like I said, to each, his or her own.

"He is aware that it's very easy to kill someone with those gloves."

I never accused the game of that. Because, in fact, the entire series depends on a lot of suspension of disbelief regarding lethality of the gadgets.

My point is that it makes no sense to make high-tech punches when he is young, but conventional punches later on. 

"Being young and full of anger,"

Funny thing, his ninja dlc actually shows that in order to complete his training it would be required of him to totally tame his rage. And yet, in the main story it is quite clear that he still struggles with it. We are obviously asking too much of WN by demanding that they be consistent with rocksteady. They cant even be consistent with themselves. But why bother? Some people will sweat that it was a great story, demonstrating perplexity with people being unable to recognize it as such and being critical of it. The unfairness...

"and in the middle of a situation that overwhelmed him, it's understandable that he took that risk or didn't know how risky it really was. But after, not so much. Especially considering he almost killed Bane with them."

Wow.

I just saw a fan of AO trying to defend the shock gloves. Yep, a grown-man with training in several fields somehow is too naive and unaware that electric shocks can be lethal. Actually, you said he almost killed bane? The truth is, the shock gloves allowed him to save lives that night. If anything, it proved that he should continue to use it. You never know when someone may need to have the heart restarted. 

"The technology Batman has at his disposal doesn't even try to be realistic"

Please, do pay attention.

I never brought the term realism. This is the second time that you try to defend a a straw-man. The first being lethal danger. All while ignoring the points raised. 

What I did say was that the technology was nothing typically associated with Batman. 

"I don't what you are talking about with turning invisible and inaudible, though. Where are you getting that from?"

Did you actually play AO? Did you ever used Bruce Wayne on his story dlc or predator segments? Because he clearly has these abilities. 

"And the remote claw has limited ammunition."

Just enough to take down the majority of enemies in some rooms. I mean, in one predator room, as far as I recalled, I was able to take down 5 enemies. There is effectiveness, there is coolness. And there is something called auto-win. And to make matters worse, it is not even a Batman gadget, but from one villain. 

"Even if you don't upgrade the Fear Takedowns even once, you can knock out a maximum of four opponents by pressing a button several times and moving the stick in the direction of the next enemy."


Which is countered by the fact that Knight features many more predator and combat scenarios than any previous game, several of them with lots of enemies. 

" Damn it, those WB Montreal idiots didn't add enough things in less than a year!" "

So its now our fault if AO was a rushed job that utilized assets and engine and still delivered a sub-par experience? 

If you can not see the validity of the criticism being raised, there is no hope.


"Damn it, they didn't take things from us so we could enjoy gliding around Gotham without the Grapnel Boost, a mechanic designed specifically because it would be boring and too slow to traverse an open world as Batman otherwise. Why can't they do anything right? "

If I decide to set a story in the 17th Century, there are certain restrains. I can not have space travel, hiv virus, the internet, video-games, cellphones, chemotherapy for cancer... 

Guess what? If a certain technical element was so cool that it is deemed vital to be present in a follow-up, then that follow-up needs to exist in a panorama that would allow such element to exist without conflicts. 


Like I said, they just wanted to use Joker. Everything else was with the same tech or better than the one available in City. If WM cant deal with the consequences of setting a game in the distant past of that series, then, quite simply and easily do not set it there. Create an alternate timeline. Now, are the people disgruntled by such disregard or lore to blame? Or WM should be blamed? 

You can not eat your cake and keep it too. When writer make the decision to set the story in the past, they need to respect the limitations that this will involve. But they simply did not care. They had zero regard for the characters, and even for the other 2 games. 

And you know what the worst part is? AO, while being a terrible prequel, actually stands quite well on its own. If it was an independent game, or the first chapter in an entirely different timeline, it would have worked much better. 


"You're free to not like Origins."

Well, thanks for the reassurance. 

"But don't tell me that all the criticism it gets is fair, because that's not true, anyone can see it."

I dont know for a fact, since I never bother to read "all the criticism" it gets. That would be a terrible use of my time. But I suppose that with so many millions of people able to write reviews, any game will receive some sort of unfair criticism. And that is precisely why this is an empty complain on your part. What you say makes no sense unless it is something related to commonly made criticism against the game. Of the points you have raised, I actually think the game needs to be criticized more. 

"If you think so, you don't know much about writing."

Ok. You have just defended a game for neglecting blunders in terms of storytelling that involve contradictions bigger than the sun, and I do not know about writing just because I have defended that it is entirely possible for a batman origin story to be told while leaving Joker behind? Ok, then.

Just so you know, AO is not even his Origin story. It is about the origin of the joker, not batman. Bruce was batman for a few years prior to that Xmas Night. So yes, that Batman was already an established and known crime-fighter for years, with no Joker. It is AO that proves you wrong.
