&gt; tons of people are, its the focus of the debate in several countries, including sweden. no one says "2%" of course because then people could see how fucking dumb it is to care so much about so little when theres far greater concerns, but peoples flying habits have become a central part of the debate.

So what? Deal with the problem and move on to the next. The real problem is people like you who are just arguing against doing something without alternative. Instead of attacking people who area actually doing something, promote your alternative. For example, I will support a general carbon tax. 

But even then still, if a carbon tax is applied, then people who *already changed* their lifestyle will not be discomforted, and people who didn't, will go to them for examples how to live their lives with less carbon. So you're basically shitting on people for taking the left turn while you want to take the right turn, knowing that both roads lead to the same place.

&gt;Ah, yes. Lets start dealing with the irrelevant things so when the world comes crashing down at least we can say we made people fly less. That makes so much sense! When things are going to shit, lets make a list of what is the biggest cause of concern and when we have finished that list we start from the bottom, leaving the real issues to last.
Great idea mr redditor! Genius move! Totally not doing the bidding of big corporations here by being distracted by pointless issues and leaving the real issues (them) to the very end.

Airlines are giant corporations too. You act like you're a demotivation troll paid by them to discourage anything that threatens their business model.

Again, promote your superior alternative, instead of demotivating other people. They're the first ones that will support your good idea, because they will feel empowered by having cut airlines from their lives.

&gt;Its not 2% passenger transport emissions, the entire global aviation industry is 2% of the emissions, if you just look on passenger transport emissions its far less.

Are you going to exempt anything smaller than 2%? 2% is huge. 2% is a cut that we don't need to make in something important. 24 more cuts like that and we have halved our emissions.

&gt;That feel when you're so ignorant about the state of the world that it starts to sound racist. No, aviation is not restricted to the rich countries in the world, holy shit dude. The largest airport in Ethiopia for example serves 1.6 million passengers per year.

Sure, start calling people racist and ignorant. That will surely convince them of your position.

Yes, rich people, comparatively. Their share of the jet fuel is enough for a village to cook on for a long time. Only rich people can afford to spend that on discretionary expenses.
