&gt;Something you apparently fail to understand, due diligence is not simply required on the property but also on the client.

Lol, so you can't read? I've said multiple times that it is done on the client as well, hell if you could explain what those searches are you'd know they are conducted on individuals and corporations not property, you keep arguing something you know absolutely nothing about and it keeps showing.

&gt;Law firms claimed they would also work to not enable money laundering. Here you are arguing that law firms shouldn't even take the first step of every firms anti money laundering requirements.

Tell me when was this Bare Trust created and when did BC start looking at Bare Trusts as a way that people might potentially use to launder money? This is a new issue that is being looked at in the last 2 years, so this is a fail.

&gt;As a matter of fact you can! Because public information is gasp public! The news article on the front page of your local newspapers is information you should know, instead of actively ignoring it in order to enable your willfully criminal activities.

Yes all the papers have a list of everyone who has been deported the day before, please do show me this News Article and where that  information is, you make a lot claims and you have nothing to back them up, it's honestly making you sound dumber by the word.

&gt;Don't need to, knowing your client is a requirement across the board, apparently for everyone except lawyers who are too incompetent to even consider the basic requirements for everyone else.

Please you're so damn incompetent in your work you can't even google the searches I've named that Lawyers have to do, why because you have no actual information that is relevant to this, your opinion is so damn useless and ignorant that it's laughable you believe that you can tell anyone what a Lawyer should do, considering you have someone telling you what they do and your only response is that they should use fucking google, like fuck man do you hear yourself? Do you know what their jobs are? Do you realize the multiple avenues of Law that fucking google can't even touch, much less on an individual. I'd say it's mind boggling how anyone can think what you do, but it really isn't. It's a form of narcissism for you to think that an area you don't work in and are unwilling to even research, is an area that you can offer any form of advice to be taken seriously.


Now one more time, and try to do the homework so you know what you're talking about.

&gt;Tell me what is a Bank Act search and how is it run?

&gt;The difference between a Local Bankruptcy vs federal bankruptcy/insolvency.

&gt;What provinces have Execution searches?

&gt;What is a PPSA or PPR?

Once you search these, you'll understand a basic depth of what a Lawyers due diligence actually entails in regards to the work this Firm does.
