&gt;I just cant buy into anything that you said. Who is the oppressed who is the opperssor? I dont belive that the right wants to fuck over minorities.

You have to be willfully fucking ignorant to not see the horrid shit the right has done. America has fucking concentration camps holding children and basically torturing them and giving them nothing and we have black folk getting shot behind the wheel by cops who more often than not are right wing. Not to mention the horrible places many black folk are stuck in because of America's past segregation of them live in that have lead poisoning and unlivable conditions. That they can't leave mind you. Because half their money is often spent into keeping what horrible house they live in so they wouldn't be homeless. And then we have right wingers arguing to keep conversion therapy a thing when it's been proven to be a scam and basically a retreat for young queer people to suffer and be lied to until they leave traumatized and still gay. The list goes on and on about the awful transgressions of the right. So don't you even dare paint them as this group of people who were just "raised that way" I don't give a shit how you were raised. Your comfort and need to create a world that is perfect by their design does not mean they can just up and do that.

&gt;You go in thinking "those people are doing for no other reason than because they are evil" which is a evil preception of reality. Just becuase they dont agree with everything you say doesnt make them evil and just because people are agreeing with you doesnt make what you belive in just. 

I agree. Just because people agree with me doesn't make me correct. What makes me correct is refusing to believe that human right violations are a fucking valid opinion. You don't gotta agree with me. No one fucking does. But if I see a violation on people of color caused by right wingers creating horrible laws specifically to oppress black folk like creating a law on weed that white people funnily enough aren't imprisoned for. That's when I don't care what anyone says. That is a human right violation and clear racism that is still vehamntly applied by the right.

&gt;If you baseline for your belifs are "wholly virtues" and others beliefs are "evil and ignorant" that is going to lead to problems down the road. 

The right are not an innocent bunch of flower pickers for fucks sake. For the final time. Someone's comfort does not come over someone's right to exist. And the right are not an oppressed group. They are the oppressor based on the many times they've fucked over minorities and still are now. That makes them bad people. Not some misunderstood hero who's trying to defend himself. 



&gt;Now what if the hero came down and beat someone up and he had no proof he was a villain he just thought he was, who is the bad guy now?

Here's the thing. The hero has proof. The proof is clearly fucking there. The proof is screaming in agony. But somehow. Dense right wingers refuse to listen.
