Those were some fantastic links, and the mini-series the news did was really interesting, though I have to say I think it was biased. The Mom seemed demonized, mostly because it looks like she left her prior two kids with her ex-husband. 

I used to live in Good 'Ol IF (Idaho Falls) and I immediately wondered if her ex husband was with the LDS church. At least when I was there, LDS members had tremendous sway over court proceedings, and the courts were usually keen to leave the kids with the LDS parent in the case of a divorce. Being unemployed at the time of her divorce, she may have given away custody because it was her only option and she didn't have any money to fight it. I just don't feel like she should be judged on this. I don't see what value this information is, not really. The argument comes across as "you had your aggressive dog put down 5 years ago, so you probably killed your missing puppy." Doesn't really feel like anything other than a knee-jerk to me.

In demonizing Mom, I don't think they looked nearly close enough at the Grandfather. In an interview about his Great-Grandson going missing, possibly abducted or killed by an animal, this guy is laughing and making weird, tone-deaf jokes, that come across as a vaguely incriminating. They also don't look at law enforcement. I'm sad to say this, but as well meaning as the sheriff seems, he doesn't seem capable of an investigation this size and scope. I suspect there's evidence that's long gone, but could have told us something more complete. I think they did a meh job at the initial investigation.

My hot take is this: I think that Issac was invited along to keep the grandfather company on the camping trip. Since he's on oxygen, he can't go far, he probably needs someone to sit with and chat. I think when the kid goes missing, everyone thinks "oh shit", realizes how odd it is to take a non-close family friend on an otherwise all family camping trip and tries to come up with some reason that doesn't sound like "we wanted to pawn Gramps off on someone else for a few hours." I also think they pointed fingers at him because he was an easy target. The grandfather, in particular, seems keen to throw his friend under the bus, and even claims he doesn't trust the man, nor does he know why he invited him on the trip, or is even friends with him. He drops Issac like a hot potato as the investigation heats up.

Let's focus on Issac for a second. Issac seems both slow-witted and down on his luck to me. This is not a smart man.  Again, an easy target. But does he know anything? I think that the cops would have easily gotten information out of him, had they tried. Same with the PIs. Because of that, I struggle to feel that he had anything to do with it. He's not even a worthwhile alibi, saying he really doesn't remember anything or know anything, to the point he certainly can't exonerate anyone.

So, that leaves Vern and Bob (the grandfather.) I don't think Vern is involved. I think the Mom would have figured that out, and given the intense focus on her, told the cops as soon as possible. Bob? Bob strikes me as having a very, very good idea of what happened. If he didn't instigate it, I somewhat suspect he "let" it happen. I think the reason he's no longer friends with Issac is because he wanted Issac to be an alibi, and then realized the man was too unaware and too simple-minded to provide one.

Personally, I'd like to know a LOT more about Bob Walton, and his past.
