I know many would disagree with me, but for me I think she doesn't like him as of right now. Her views on him are entirely platonic. HOWEVER, I would also say that more than she can't or isn't seeing him romantically, it's more like she has grown closer to him to the point that she is mistaking her affections for a close friendship. In other words: she isn't aware that she likes him. She's so dense that she's oblivious to even her own feelings. Reason? She gives the vibes that she cares about him more than a friend but at the same time gives vibes that she doesn't like him like the other girls clearly do. She does blush quite a bit when Fuutaro is around, but her honest behaviour tells me that she sees it more like being embarassed of the opposite sex and her closeness to Fuutaro, which she may percieve as inappropiate for a relationship between 2 students. Also every girl has had their feelings built up to the point where they admit it and become aware of those feelings. Itsuki hasn't had that yet. Many point different parts of the manga where she gets flustered with him around, but why are her feelings kept as mysterious when the other girls display what they feel and had proper built up to their revelation? With Yotsuba it made sense because she is Lolikano and her feelings were tied with the reveal of her identity. Itsuki doesn't have that (that we know of) and it would feel like repeating Yotsuba's gimmick of the girl who has been aware of her feelings the whole time but chooses to not pursue her feelings because of her sisters/other reasons. For me it just feels right for her character to be completely dense and unaware that she likes him, mistaking her blushes for mere embarassment. She just doesn't seem like the character who would hide that big of a burden without showing some sort of guilt/remorse. Just carrying Yotsuba's secret was so hard on her that she decided to break her promise to her and make Fuutaro remember who Lolikano was. That being said, imo this is why this arc is so important, because when she realizes that she likes him, she'll look back and remember all the moments they had together and see that she cared a lot about what he thought of her, cared about their times together and going as far as she could not only for her sisters' or Raiha's sake, but also Fuutaro's.
