First of all, insulting my supposed "bad grammar" is just a cheap "Ad Hoc" tactic, and is yet again another logically-dishonest tactic of debate, thus I won't point out your own horrendous grammar. Furthermore, you're attempts to "rile me up" as the colloquialism goes is another intellectually-dishonest tactic referred to as an "Incitement to Anger" which basically means, since you need a thesis so clearly stated in order for you to grasp it, that you don't have a defense and hope to anger or upset me so that I'll slip up and commit one of the same logically-dishonest blunders that you have committed.

Furthermore, is *hardly* call this a debate seeing as you've yet to counter a single one of my points or statements with any sort of opinion of your own other than attempting to insult me which means you assume I care about how you feel about me. Now, one would claim this is because you are "projecting" your own emotions upon me, and while I'm not one for speculation I'd instead posit that you simply see yourself as a figure of higher standards in this "debate" that I'm attempting to engage in. 

If you'd like me to dumb down that last bit for you, I'm saying you're temperamental and probably arrogant too if I had to guess. As much as I'd *love* to figure out why exactly that is, I'd much prefer not detract from this seemingly one-sided discussion. 

Might I also question your own ability to actually form an opinion on the matter? Being under the influence seems to already call into question your reasoning skills and would impair your rationality, wouldn't want to "kick you while you're down", just not gentleman like.

The Latin terms aren't there to impress you, that implies I seek your admiration which yet *again* alludes back to an arrogant predisposition, but they're being used to inform you that you're so called "tactics" aren't smart, clever, nor logically valid. I also hoped that by giving you the actual names you'd be able to google it more easily, but perhaps even that proves a challenge.

Not to mention this boyfriend thing, it truly just seems like a sad attempt to execute a simply titled "Distraction" tactic, and points at that perhaps the problem lies with your own temperamental self? Furthermore, I'll put this bluntly- I don't care about you. I don't care about your life. Not so I care about your opinion. So please, don't detract from this debate with some meddlesome details of your *"oh so tragic"* past. Debate is a sport, and your personal affections are the equivalent of a cheap advertisement to me, so I simply don't care for it.

Finally, no, depression and anxiety aren't the same thing, nor are they coeval (which, yes, I know what that word means, I'm not ignorant to its origin either). Depression and anxiety are actually completely separate issues, both psychologically and neurologically (which, for your own sake, are also not the same thing). You also either used coeval incorrectly or simply don't know what you're talking about (either one or both might be true). For your reference, coeval means that two things are of the same age, duration, or antiquity. Depression and anxiety are not always empirically the same duration, as I said earlier they are completely different things and if you believe that they are then you truly, truly are so misguided and ignorant that you shouldn't be formulating an opinion on something you simply don't understand.

Oh, and it's not "beating people up on Reddit" when you're simply having a debate with them- if you can't even take criticism or the experience of being disagreed with then maybe it's you who had the problem which needed sorting out with your "schizo ex" (I'm not even going to address how rude and offensive that slur is).

But thank you by the way! For the debate practice! I'm really enjoying pointing out all of your intellectually-dishonest tactics, good vocabulary review! (Don't think I missed the fact that this is all one elaborate use of an "Evasion of Truth" tactic!)
