There’s a lot wrong with this take, which is indicative of what’s wrong with a lot of takes I’ve seen about this story. Tom King never makes Wally out to be a “fucked up piece of shit”, we are the ones who think he’s a fucked up piece of shit (and by “we” I mean y’all). The book paints it all as a freak accident. Whenever any of us read about someone suffering from PTSD who has an episode and hurts people, we think they are “fucked up pieces of shit” and that’s the whole problem. They are people in pain and in need of care. Not derision or vilification. Wally is not treated as a villain in the context of the story. Does he get punished for what he did? Yes. Is he remorseful for what he did? Yeah. Will he stay in prison forever? Obviously not.   

Now, when I talk about people with PTSD or any other serious mental illness I’m not talking about all the mass shooters killing elementary school children, I’m talking about troops coming home from war and doing a murder suicide on a gun range (which is how Navy SEAL Chris Kyle was killed). PTSD is something we as a society don’t even know how to talk about, much less treat and the entire reaction from well meaning critics of this run show just how far we have to go. Again: the story, the writing, Tom King never made Wally into a “fucking piece of shit.” You said that, not King. And that reaction is indicative of the problem. 

Maybe super hero comics are the wrong place to have this discussion. Super hero stories are always painted in big, broad colors, both literally and figuratively. This is a very delicate subject, so maybe that’s why it doesn’t work. But I think it actually works quite well because death means nothing in super hero books. Well, it does mean *something*, just not the same as actual death as we know it on this side of the panels because there’s no permanence to it.  All of these characters will come back and the intriguing part  is seeing how they come back and what happens to all the other characters and the world at large in the interim (i.e. Death of Superman, Batman, Captain America, Bruce Banner, and so on).  And that’s not just me looking for a bright spot that wasn’t intended. Poison Ivy literally dies and comes back *within the run*, immediately blunting the impact. This in the text itself. I forget which character, but in one of the nine panel format therapy session moments one of the heroes is literally talking about this exact thing. About dying, coming back, then dying again, then coming right back and how he’ll probably die again. This run is playing on what death even means in super hero comics.

This is a hard subject to deal with outside of fantasy because in a more grounded story, when a character with PTSD snaps and kills people, no one comes back. People don’t get magically resurrected, so the initial “snap” as it were comes off as a monstrous act and stays that way. No redemption for the character with mental illness who just lost control. They did what they did and we, as the reader, write them off as the “bad guy.” And you’re right, that is a toxic standpoint that popular media is lousy with. But in this case, Wally West himself is a testament to the impermanence of death in super hero comics. That’s probably *why* he’s the character at the center of it. What you say as “heinous and terrible things” are blips on a radar in this universe. Again, Poison Ivy was literally standing right there at the end! None of these characters will stay dead and none of the characters that died are all that important in the grand scheme of things anyway.  (I’ll give you the whole “leaking therapy tapes to the word”, though. That’s pretty fucked up and the story does nothing with it.)

The metaphor of super heroes is that everything is bombastic and turned to eleven, so the stakes have to be life and death. If you did this *exact same story* but took out all the super hero nonsense–no time travel, no explosions, no *death*–you would have someone dealing with intense PTSD snapping, hurting (but not killing) a bunch of people, threatening to hurt themselves over the grief, and then at the last minute choosing to live with it and make amends instead, even though it is probably impossible to make amends for what they did. The end. That’s literally the story of Heroes In Crisis. And it’s a story I personally have seen *a lot* in my own life with people I’ve known. This is a subject matter that never really has a happy or clean ending. But you saying Wally was always a “fucked up piece of shit that did a lot of terrible and heinous things” is literally the whole reason these kind of stories need to be told. 

And I never got the impression that Sanctuary really *was* working for everyone else.  I mean... literally none of the heroes find any peace or healing through what Sanctuary was offering. I took it as an example of what happens when you have bad therapy, which is 100% a thing. Not all therapists or therapeutic approaches are good for you and sometimes you have to pack up and find someone else. I’ve seen that quite a lot and that ultimately seems like the take away for Batman in this; that Sanctuary needs improvement. I don’t know if that really commentary on therapy overall or if it’s a commentary on what we, as a society, try and do *instead* of real therapy. Like self-help gurus, religion, etc. 

Again, maybe super hero comics aren’t the best place to tell it, this certainly was a far from perfect run and that fumbled a lot of stuff. But the reactions I’ve seen from this book come of as so much more toxic and ignorant that the book itself. Like, every horror movie about a crazy person who’s the real killer is so much worse than what this book even fails to do. I really don’t understand the vitriol.
