&gt; Only because that's what capitalism dictates.

You mean because of supply and demand. Capitalism doesn't dictate things. Its not a dictator. 

&gt; But I didn't say it wouldn't have value. I said there wouldn't be a profit margin

There is no economy where there wouldn't be a profit margin. People wouldn't sell platinum if there was and you wouldn't have access to platinum, or any other form of technological development if that was the case. That's the point of competition and auto-regulation. It incentivizes progress. 

&gt; Under capitalism, we need money or we die

That's called life. In any system you need money or you die, because money is a place holder for needs like food and shelter, and you need food and shelter or you die. That's just the facts. 

Name one system where this isn't true. Communism doesn't solve this. 

&gt; so naturally people are going to race to the bottom

No, markets find equilibrium.

&gt; It's like that joke where two guys are standing next to the road, one with a sign that says "will work for food", and the other with a sign that says "will work for less food".

Joke? That's economics. 

&gt; You know millions of people do work for free, right? 

Really? They'll give you food and property for free? Because I call bullshit. 

Bands don't put food on the table and people don't just give away their food. This whole paragraph is pure fantasy. 

&gt; That's one way to look at it, and it's certainly one reason why many supporters like the idea. 

Its the reason why everyone is here. Not communism. If you regurgitate that crap on this sub UBI will loose supporters. Communism is an objective failure, and so was Marx. He's personally responsible for the starvation of millions of people. And that proletariat non-sense is reframed tribalism for that you can justify people on positions of authority giving orders. Its a monarchy without the monarchs. Half of marx's points are even pandered with whataboutisms and false prophecies. Its snake oil. And its sad that half the world believes in it. The shitty half, I might add. Its literally only the poor and ignorant that believe that Marxism never had its chance when it did and failed miserably. Kind of like how its the fat, dumb Americans that support trickle down economics when they're the ones that are being gouged and taken advantage by it. 

Even the way your arguing should prove do anyone with an inkling of insight that you're bullshitting.
