&gt; Capitalism doesn't dictate things. Its not a dictator.

That's a bad faith attempt to invoke the negative feelings around the word "dictator" in a context (socialism/communism) where people are already sensitive to the concept, and it has _nothing_ to do with my point.

Capitalism _dictates_ that things have value beyond resale value because _that is what the system is_. It's a system that says, "The price of a good is the cost of producing it plus profit for the owner of the business producing it." It "dictates" this in the sense that mathematics "dictates" that the angles of a triangle sum to 180°.

&gt; That's the point of competition and auto-regulation. It incentivizes progress and trade.

I know. Other things also incentivise progress. Like curiosity, or the desire to grant a better life to others.

&gt; That's called life. In any system you need money or you die, because money is a place holder for needs like food and shelter, and you need food and shelter or you die. That's just the facts.

Ah, but placeholders matter. Money isn't value, it's a _proxy for_ value. It's a placeholder, like you say, that we use to easily quantify something that's often much more difficult. But it is not the same thing.

You know what happens when you optimise for a proxy instead of the actual underlying thing you want? Overfitting. A great example of this that's a bit more intuitive is body weight as a proxy for health. Lots of people treat weight (which is easy to quantify) as a proxy for how healthy you are (which is not): we call low-calorie foods like salad "healthy" when what we actually mean is "unlikely to increase your body mass", and vice versa. But you can be the perfect size and still be super ill. In fact, you can be the perfect size and be _less healthy_ than someone who is bigger. So optimising for body weight is actually _unlikely_ to also optimise for health. In the same way, money is used as a proxy for value, but we end up over-optimising for money, and value gets de-emphasised.

In any system, we need food and shelter or we die. But there are ways to ensure everyone gets these things without having to use money. A simple example: a law dictates everyone has a right to a bedroom of their own, sized 6 by 9 feet. Now you don't need to use money to determine who gets what; you can go directly to allocating the resource.

&gt; Joke? That's economics.

Do you not see the abject horror of this?!

&gt; Bands don't put food on the table

_That's my point._ People do it _despite it not bringing in any money_, refuting your point that people wouldn't "participate" in an economy just because there's no profit to be had.

&gt; and people don't just give away their food.

My mom has given away probably thousands of lemons from her lemon tree by now. She gives them to anyone who asks.

&gt; Its the reason why everyone is here. Not communism.

And yet here I am.

&gt; If you regurgitate that crap on this sub UBI will loose supporters. Communism is an objective failure, and so was Marx. He's personally responsible for the starvation of millions of people. And that proletariat non-sense is reframed tribalism so that you can justify people in positions of authority giving orders. Its a monarchy without the monarchs. Half of marx's points are even pandered with whataboutisms and false prophecies. Its snake oil. And its sad that half the world believes in it. The shitty half, I might add. Its literally only the poor and ignorant that believe that Marxism never had its chance when it did and failed miserably. Kind of like how its the fat, dumb Americans that support trickle down economics when they're the ones that are being gouged and taken advantage by it.

Capitalism is an objective failure too. It's enriching the few and dooming the rest to suffer.

Nice body-shaming there by the way, it really lends your argument more credibility.

&gt; Even the way your arguing should prove do anyone with an inkling of insight that you're bullshitting.

Another weak attempt to discredit me with emotion.
