It’s not crazy that you’re contemplating on trying to reconcile with her. But what is with this second chance stuff? She had her chances. 2-3 times a month for a year? She blew her second chance the second time she met up with him and continued to meet with him. The dude seems to have her in his grasp if she cheated on someone with him before. Who’s to say she didn’t end that one because of him. I don’t think you can get by this man. It was an ongoing relationship all the while you were none the wiser. I think you fear loneliness. I think you fear the thought of another man taking a hold of your wife if you leave. I think you fear starting over with someone after already settling down. She’s in panic mode. She was gonna leave you, then she goes on and blame shifts all this on uou, and now? Now she’s repenting? Confessing to everyone and cutting contact with AP? For how long will she play this game? After a fee years when you’ve gotten comfortable and unaware that she’s slipping off with god knows who? She jeopardized your marraige and health for her selfish needs. If you never found out, she wouldn’t have ever told you. The only reason she is sorry in all honesty is not because she hurt you or betrayed your trust. It’s because she didn’t get away with it. She got sloppy and got exposed. She’s not the devil or an evil woman. She’s an adult who made a shit decision because she was too lazy and cowardly to work on the both of you. You really think that year long of intimacy, passion, exciting secrecy is what she regrets? She regrets not getting away with it. You may have your faults, but no one deserves this kind of treatment. Separate amicably. Leave her to let her think about what she’s done. You staying and trying to work it out because of the fear of being lonely is not good behavior for an individual. It will be a long and painful road. Not sure if your pride or dignity will be as strong as it will be if you leave rather than stay. It’s times like these when you need to be selfish for the right reasons. This isn’t a TV show or movie. This is reality. Get a divorce. Focus on expanding or improving your business. Improve yourself physically l, mentally, and socially. When you’ve taken time to heal and gain your confidence back, someone kind will cross your path and be drawn to the knew you. You’ll use your past experience as a guide to not let yourselves stray away. If you do get cpunseling, get individual cou seling first and don’t ask “ how can I salvage my relationship” in the beginning, ask “how can I become independent from my STBXW and live a good life”. You’ll find the asnwers to both will be very different. Codependent vs independent.
