The first Woodstock was pretty cool from solely a musical perspective. Hendrix, CCR, and others are still bands I listen to today. But I have always hated the cultural aspect of Woodstock. Peace, love, overcoming patriarchy, drug abuse ... blah, blah, blah. That’s hippy bullshit, and I hate hippies. The only thing more useless than a hippy is someone so brain dead and ignorant that they try to replicate the hippy mindset and lifestyle today. 

Then there was the second Woodstock (1994). Musically, this second Woodstock was 100x better than the first. There were Jackyll and Collective Soul (both from the Atl area whom I heard play live before they were famous), Metallica, Primus, King’s X, etc ... Culturally, the MSM and the faggots who wanted to recreate hippy daze hated this concert because of all the rape and violence. Frankly, if you get a half million kids together with little or no supervision, feed them booze and drugs, and play loud music, then there is probably going to be a certain amount of raping and fighting going on. In fact, I suspect that there was some raping and fighting going on at the first Woodstock but Scorsese did not film any of it because he was too stoned and it did not jibe with the hippy theme. Either that or he cut up the film and kept those scenes for his personal jack-stash. 

Now there is this thing about having a 50th Anniversary Woodstock concert. Now, as anyone who knows me knows, I am all for making an honest buck. I personally wish I could frolic naked in an oily orgy of free market capitalism 24/7. My jizz is red, white, and blue, for fuck’s sake. But, and here is the problem (and it is a BIG problem): the musical acts selected for Woodstock 50 are absolutely horrible. There’s shit acts like Miley Cyrus, Beyoncé, and a bunch of rapper trash. In fact, there may not be more than a couple people in the entire announced lineup who can even play a musical instrument appearing onstage at this slime fest. The ONLY talented musician and songwriter on the lineup is John Fogarty, and he could drop dead at any moment. 

I am generally a happy man. Not too many things get me down. That’s because I don’t let many people get close to me. My family, that’s one thing and will always be top priority. But after them, I come first. This has resulted in my having a pretty carefree life. When my son goes to college I will begin my second single life. I am already scoping out assisted living homes where I can get it on with some of that geriatric free sex shit! 

But, there are some things that just irk the living shit out of me, such as rap and techno pop junk masquerading as music. I also hate pretentious people and pretentious zeitgeist (the term “zeitgeist” itself is idiotically pretentious). Those hippy fucks from the 1960s believed, apparently, that all they needed was to find and tap into a cosmic stream of positive energy and then they would be swept away to peace and harmony as they daydreamed why stoned. In reality, that false concept did not save them from the violent jungles of Vietnam. It also did not save them from growing up to be hypocritical fuck-ups. As Hunter Thompson said, there is nobody tending the light at the end of the tunnel. 

The hippy days were an existential falsity. That bugs me and creates a bias in my mind that causes me to look down on those people who bought into the fraud hook, line, and sinker. That is one issue. But attempting to reproduce what was already a failed and foolish attempt at something is even more asinine. But, I can accept this if only for the music. This is what allowed me to somewhat enjoy WS2. But even the music has died now. If not for MP3, CD, and yes, cassettes, I would only rarely be able to enjoy music today. Therefore, I have nothing but disdain for the attempt at staging this 50th anniversary concert. It does not need to occur. I can think of no good reason for it to occur. There is no possible way it can effect betterment on the human race. It is not even going to make any money, for fuck’s sake.
