The typed replies people have written. "send her this response " is good. The reply 'from a toddler who cant read' is great.

The advice. Walk away. is very wise.

I'd add; run! now. while you still have time. 

The advice; let daughter have contact when shes grown up. Is good advice. Wait till she's not vulnerable and is aware. (Of NPD/ASPD)

0-8yrs old is crucial development. Its worth reading up on secure attachment theory before MIL destroys it.

I've been where you are now. And my biggest regret is waiting till 3 years to walk away from my MUM and my wifes MIL from hell. And my Dad. Not as big an asshole as my mum. but on the asshole spectrum. 

Your MIL is fake nice. Has an evil and  nice side. No empathy. BEWARE.

Read up on narcissists. (look up NPD and ASPD. Key points are; "insecure", "manipulative" and "no empathy")

If you find a tick list your MIL will be tick, tick, tick, tick, tick..........

&amp;#x200B;

Here's why people like you and me make mistakes with narcissists and sociopaths (aka assholes );

We assume others are nice like us.

We 'project' our caring qualities onto others and thats what we see. (Sometimes they do behave kindly/nicely).

'We don't see things as they are. We see things as we are.'

&amp;#x200B;

The key to thriving is being aware. At the moment you are not aware. You are asleep. You are blind. 

Love is blind. 

There are benefits to ignoring reality. It's an easier option. Feels nicer.

The brutal facts of reality are tough. 

Irvin D. *Yalom* — 'Every person must choose how *much truth* he can stand.'

&amp;#x200B;

I saw my mum's evil behaviour (towards my 4 year old niece) at our wedding , It took me over 3 years later after she was worse, then I cut her from my life. My mistake.  Biggest regret. I didn't expect my mum be so nasty. My son was 3 and took weeks to recover from the stress of her last visit but her evil behaviour and comments she had made to him publicly and privately would damage him forever. I knew my mum was NPD/fake nice/asshole months before my wedding. I under estimated her for 3 years. If you haven't realised your MIL is NPD/ASPD you have a lot to learn and years of pain/regrets ahead of you.

The psychological damage towards my 3 year old son cant be undone and repaired. I tried. We tried. Everything. More than 3 experts. Children's Hospital expert Doctor. Psychiatrist. MH specialist Social Worker. GP. He's 8 now. Happy but insecure kid.

&amp;#x200B;

Here's my errors and yours;

under estimated NPD/ASPD/fake nice/assholes

over estimated my own knowledge of NPD/ASPD/fake nice/assholes

over estimated my/our ability as majority adults in sons life to keep him happy and secure

wanted my son to have grandparents 

wanted my son to have big family 

wanted my son to be surrounded by lots of people that care about him

wanted time/sleep while son had time with others/sleepover 

not ready to face reality 

didnt read/get any advice warning me of potential dangers (like you are getting from me and others today)

&amp;#x200B;

I didn't even realise till Domestic Violence got high profile that what we went through was DV.

After cutting mum out for last time and dad, they spinned their (mostly fake) story and family/friends bought it (and didnt ask for our side) and we got cut from about 50 people.

That was hard. We realised almost all family/friends were NPD/fake nice/assholes too. But we lost some 'close good people' too. (Even nice people are mostly unaware and blind to NPD, so can be manipulated and can only see (fake) nice behaviour)

The brutal facts of reality are tough. I wasn't ready to see it but the signs were there for most people, years before.

The event above was a good friendship test, to find out everyone that was NPD and who loved me unconditionally (almost no one. Tough! No wonder I didn't face up to that years before)

Better off without them in long run. In short run. Lonely, tough. Depressing.

It's still a tough grieving process. Grieving the parents I wish I had. And family/friends. Its like a death. Of almost everyone you know.

The above life experience is like doing personality training AND then assessing everyone you know AND then accepting the assessment AND then acting to surround yourself/family with only caring loving people. The toughest personal development course ever. 

Irvin D. *Yalom* — 'Every person must choose how *much truth* he can stand.'

Admiral Stockdale "You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end—which you can never afford to lose—with the discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality, whatever they might be"

Adversity can be beneficial -in the long run. Silver lining. And there are dangers of being too positive. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James\_Stockdale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Stockdale)

Everyone is a pawn. NPD are playing chess. You are being played. Run! Grieve. Recover. Trust me. The short term pain is less than the long term pain and consequences. The acts and comments that MIL will make in future will be BIGGER than 'first haircut'. Beware. You cannot 'win' or influence or control their game/an asshole. You can only run away or keep them away. (PS there is no 'cure. And they will never change. Ever. Accept it)

Dr Malcom Kendrick- “The simple fact is that we humans are social animals. We require nurture and support by others. We need a sense of belonging, a sense of value and purpose. We need to be loved, not hit, or shouted at, or bullied, or treated with contempt.”

Even if you only have supervised access. There are down sides. My mum would be nasty even when I was in the same room, and I usually didn't see her at times subtle behaviour. And who wants to be around people that don't want the best for us?! 

That's a dangerous game being around these people. Risks your health, happiness, sanity and success. And that of your kids.

My plan is to wait till my kids are wise enough and old enough to look after themselves and can tell her to fuck off, like I did, if they want. I will teach them about 2 types of people. Nice people and assholes. The asshole spectrum. And fake nice people etc. And tell them to thrive I recommend having a 'no asshole' rule in life/work/friends/family/community.

They will make their own decisions and mistakes when they are "responsible to take the wheel of their life" (JK Rowling Harvard Speech)

I am the responsible adult right now. And I let my child down. Not sure if I will forgive myself for that. May you learn from my mistakes and your own. And avoid the pain from both. Thereby enjoying less pain and more joy in your life. 

HIH

May you and your family all thrive

Wishing a safe and super year
