AND crucially in the eyes of the law, seeking to gain from that pretence. And this is the ONLY place the tribunal can go. Either they say the Code says actual females don't exist OR they say Yaniv is taking the piss. Either way, they can't fudge this. It's not as though JY presented as a man and then said I'm a trans man to people who actually offer male genital waxing. He presented as a man but said he was a woman, or presented as a woman then said he had male genitalia. NONE of which is discrimination on the part of people who only offer services of female genital waxing.  


I think the reason it was accepted was the volume of complaints, they thought maybe minorities discriminating against each other was happening, and, it was an opportunity to clarify whose rights are prioritised if both sides are minorities. There may or may not be an element of personal hobby horse for Tribunal Members (whoever chooses cases to go ahead and allocate them isn't Costineau) who wanted to show how this 'new' Code about Trans works perfectly well in practice.  


What they got was a determined man seeking to twist both natural language and the law to justify a racist powertrip. Who has in the process derailed TRA ideology by using it for his own ends. And who has already been given the benefit of the doubt with the publication ban, on racism and a variety of other issues like vexatious litigant. ALL of which the Member has reserved the right to say, ok it's been raised, we aren't there yet, let's see after the Hearings. Which may have felt supportive of Trans activist agendas at the time, to protect this new law from being trashed on rumour alone, but has backfired bigtime and embarrassed the entire nation for being so accomodating and not saying ok, in any other circs what you've raised would be enough, let's act now.  


There's no way the Tribunal is going to be able to say anything other than -   
1. is gender ID an issue? Yes the law says JY is entitled not to be misgendered, but the Respondants were confused and unaware and anyway JY has been so racist and behaved improperly there's no costs.

2. What services do these women offer - genital waxing ONLY to biological females. Thereby making clear by implication if not explicitly that the natural use of the word woman excludes all males, and that including males in it, is not in general use or understanding in that particular segment of the community (immigrant women with a different culture and language). But the Tribunal can't say that changing the natural use of a word is a good or bad thing. That'll be at a higher court another time. So they don't offer what JY wants if it was genital waxing. Not sure how they'll jump if it's arms or faces - but if they don't do any biological male at all, they should be ok. If they do biological males and refused JY then I imagine it was discrimination but his confusing and improper behaviour means the remedy is NIL costs to pay to JY.

3. In denying service was it because of gender ID? No. Because gender ID is irrelevant if they don't offer the service to biological males. AND they had no idea men can call themselves women.  Again could be Yes if they offer to biological males but refused to JY because he said he was a girl which he's entitled to in law, but again NO costs which is the remedy cos of JY's bad behaviour.  


4. What is the remedy for anything that has found to be discriminatory? Costs. To be reduced or imposed punitively for the bad behaviour on the relevant side. JY won't get any money because of the sheer volume of times the Member has had to repeatedly tell JY over and over to behave themselves. Question is, will damages cover actual costs for time and emotional burden for the Repsondants. If Member issued £15K punitive costs for Whatcott in Oger v Whatcott for his behaviour, I think JY is looking at quite a large sum to be held against them.
