Yeah I'm definitely a Rupert fan. He's a great character whenever there's a theme for him to work with because he makes that theme into his entire soul in game. Obviously he's not a good player but I think expecting him to be some great player is a fool's errand.

In PI obviously he's amazing and one of the best and most iconic characters ever. A truly excellent hero and flawed in the perfect way where in retrospect you understand exactly *why* he loses and it's really awesome. Putting him up against arguably the best villain ever is another huge plus. The vast majority agree he's amazing here.

In All-Stars I don't particularly like him although your mileage my vary on that. There are some good moments like his terrible shelter on Saboga but for the most part he's kinda just "that likable guy from last season" since he doesn't really have a theme to latch onto here, along with some pretty bad comments thrown in about people like Sue.

I love him in HvV but definitely think people are split on this version of him as well. He's great to me because he's so clearly invested in this hero theme and he so badly wants to represent these hero ideals and that all goes to his head and while he is technically the hero with his underdog status and opposing Russell, he is so clearly also just a completely unaware and sometimes arrogant person who refuses to acknowledges his mistakes. Again, a very good flawed hero in my eyes.

It's kinda tough to say in BvW since he's first out but I think he's still pretty good for what he is. Again, going as hard as he can with the theme and sacrificing himself for Laura, then just completely ignoring Candice on RI so he can win, and then bulldozing through a challenge and going on to lose anyway is pretty funny. Though he's not around for long so I can see why people wouldn't like him here.

Overall I think Rupert is great whenever he has some kind of tangible theme that he latch himself to, he really sells those ideas of the theme so well and he's so committed to it and the game of Survivor (or at least the game in his own view of it) that's it great to watch in my opinion.
