Wow. This person is spouting such ignorant bullshit. White people are the LEAST identitarian in the entire world. 15% of white americans identify with and care about their race. Every other group is above 50% with blacks being at nearly 80% for identifying with and caring about their race. Black americans are 3 times more likely to commit a hate crime and the largest race supremacist group in the US is a black supremacy group despite being a small fraction of the population. The fact that this scumbag goes on tv and says that "white folk" need to change and learn so that history doesn't repeat itself is absolutely disgusting.

These people are lying and spewing hate straight to our faces and hoping we don't know any better so they can get a political win and put their side in power. So sickening. They want us to confront a history we weren't even a part of and admit things we didn't even do or that weren't even done by our ancestors or country. 

I saw a huge thread on twitter of people calling out white people for going on mass shooting sprees and made a joke about king of the hill where bobby was disturbed that white people might be evil for what was done to the indians. All the far left people were cheering it on saying how evil whites are and were in their past. It's disturbing. Not only is it factually incorrect since blacks commit about 75% of mass shootings, but if you knew actual history you would know how stupid and ignorant that is. Whites weren't blindly hateful of the indians. They took whole tribes into their civilization and considered them part of the country. The first Indian war was considered a civil war, not a war against the indians. And it was started by the native americans who just started murdering people and burning down their houses. 

The english didn't even muster much of a defense, the indians just killed hundreds of innocent people and burned 1200 houses over a course of a year until they lost the war because they were so bloodthirsty they forgot they needed to keep growing food to support a war and they started starving to death so they surrendered. The settlers were mostly just trying to defend themselves and almost every movement of troops was mercilessly ambushed. The indians would cut people's heads off and put them on spikes. Most deaths on the indian side were from one battle where the english went to negotiate with a tribe that betrayed them and when the english leader stepped through the gate to negotiate he was shot dead, his officers were shot dead, and a battle ensued where the english were so fed up with all their shit they burned the city down and the indians had fortified it in such a way anticipating their ambush on the english that no one could really escape and women and children died in the fires for it. And yes, I said betrayed...because another little known fact is that the first war wasn't just whites against indians, multiple indian tribes sided with the english and fought alongside them as fellow countrymen.

You aren't making things better with this stupid hateful narrative against white people. It isn't accurate and it isn't fair. Most people on all "sides" and groups just want to keep their heads down and get along. Blacks people aren't evil, whites aren't evil, no race is. There are evil individuals and we should all band together to call them out. But this disgusting hate and calls for one group of people to admit they are or were bad is stupid and awful and ignorant.
