@ DARK_HURRiKANE: ROFLMAO... so you where roughly one year old when I first started coding, and in all that time you haven't learned one solitary thing about it... ROFLMAO...

You can call bullshit (silly wee American saying that) on whatever you like my sad wittle imbecile it won't change the FACTS (and I know FACTS are really annoying to you and get right on your tits) so what you think or "Call Bullshit" on is like you, of no significance relevance to those FACTS and wont change them no matter what pish you gibber... ;-)


ROFLMAO Of course the C64 wasn't even in existence in 1980 (did you have to look up Wiki to discover that) but did I say the C64 was my first computer !!! NOPE... are you really so dumb, thick and ignorant that you think the C64 was the world first home computer (no need to answer that one though as that is clear already) so once again you have made a complete tit out of yourself (something which I'll grant you are real expert at)... ;-)


I'll be 55 in just over two weeks but my sad wittle internet gen foetus for whom the nearest you got to 1979 was deducting one from the year 1980 which I mentioned (you know, in those things you claim no one would read) and I'll bet you had to take your socks off to do that... ;-)


Sorry my little internet gen tard but not only the very young brain dead like yourself use Reddit and I use "internet gen" to describe sad imbeciles like yourself who don't even have enough brain cells to call you a millennial as that would be an insult and unfair to millennials to put you in beside them... ;-) 


"Fake News" !!! ROFLMAO... Yup you are indeed the prime example of an internet gen tard, never been out in the real world have you... ROFLMAO...


The icing on the cake though is (as is typical for an internet gen tard like yourself)... 


There you were whinging, whining, playing the victim and crying like a big girls blouse just a few posts ago about "attacks" &amp; "Insults" while I have been all the time laughing my head of at you and now as is typical for your ilk and your solitary little brain cell the best you can come are the same things I have been saying to you all along (making a complete ares out of yourself) and suddenly as if anyone is going to believe you that you are now "lmfao"... ROFLMAO... 


Yup prime example of an internet gen imbecile who contradicts themselves with every retarded post and the only comeback they/ you can give are the things that have already been said to you and about you... ROFLMAO...


Congratulations on your endless attention seeking and continued quest to prove to all whom read your posts that you are in fact arsehole internet gen tard of the year... well done wittle internet gen tard, well done... ROFLMAO...


PS: Not being an internet gen tard myself I'll need to go look up what "twip" is supposed to mean, so I'll get back to you on that one, once I've discovered whichever site it is internet gen tards get their made up words from... ;-)
