It wasn’t even his fault. He was arrested entirely on the whim of an elderly yarn shop owner’s accusations. He could hold too much of a grudge against her though... it was the Alzheimer’s, not her own gentle heart that led to his stint in prison, and his eventual love of ass-eating.

Fronklin would never forget the phrase “He stole my balls!” Those were the words that escaped the lips of the old Bessie the moment her Alzheimer’s made her forget who he was. She used to give him two balls of yarn a week, free of charge, because of their long-standing friendship. It was her mental illness that would ultimately put him in prison and end his project of creating the world’s largest crocheted scarf. On that fateful day, when he grabbed the usual two balls off the shelf, she no longer remembered their agreement. And that’s when he heard it.

!!!WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO!!!

“What happened ma’am?!”

*”HE STOLE MY BAAAALLS!!!”*

*Clink* His sixteen year sentence had begun.

Time passed, and Fronklin got horny. Without open internet access, nor a steady income, he could not afford to see the beauty of a woman’s form any longer. He wasted all of his money on erotic magazines that grew old. Their pages yellowed, and his sex life, nay his penis, shriveled. On top of this, he no longer had money for twinkies and coffee, and this caused a bout of depression to settle in. 

He needed something different.

As if by the hand of the gods, Fronklin non-consentually met a man in the shower the week after his funds ran out. The Reddit mods are waving the PG-13 flag at me, so we can just assume the rest of what happened.

He hated what Hank did to him in that shower... or so he thought. As the years passed, Fronklin realized that this was the best he could do, and he started accepting it. Hank ate his ass, every day and every night. He couldn’t help the bulging pleasure in his eyes when Hank did his thang. This was the real life, this wasn’t just fantasy.

Fast forward to the end of his sixteen-year yarn sentence, he finds it in his heart to thank the old Bessie for his prison sentence. Without her false accusations, he would have never discovered that he was an ass-eating connoisseur. He walked into that same shop where it all started, simply to say thank you.

She had died. 

He was heartbroken, but found comfort in the fact that the agreement he used to have with Bessie lived on. Because of her, he received two balls - Hank’s balls - every. single. day. It was as though she had been telling him he were gay the entire time, and only now did he understand it.

Fronklin and Hank are happy. They are socially unaware and flamboyant homosexuals who eat each other’s asses, even at the most inappropriate times. At restaurants, in the YMCA workout room, in the *middle* of conversations (as instanced in the above video), and in the middle of international flights. There is no stopping their love for each other’s asses.

Just know that if you ever get the opportunity to meet Fronklin, look into his eyes. If they are bulging, that’s not where his demons hide. That’s pure bliss.
