I am currently 27 and was obviously not alive during WWII or any post-war period. I personally still feel like crap knowing what my ancestors did or might have done as I don't know my exact heritage anyway. I can tell you that most younger people here feel the same way. It's some of the older people, like my own grandma for example, that still have the old mindset of the war period.

In school we learn everything about the history of our country but none takes up so much time than the second world War and its effects.

I am not feeling guilty as in, I feel like I personally did something terrible, I just feel terrible whenever I get reminded of what happened back in the day and how people could let something like that happen in the first place. And now I live in a time where people got so stupid and ignorant that they start the same shit all over again.
We have a political party here that received more than 10% of the votes that is as hard right as you can be, vocally and loudly stir up hatred against minorities as they just blame them for everything.

We have people here that in polls where they were asked how much of a percentage foreigners make up in some of our states gave an answer between 30-45%.... Those people live in regions where you have 4% of the population made up by foreigners.... Those people just look for someone to blame for anything they can think of and this party called AFD just does exactly that. Blame everything on foreigners because that worked great the first time someone did that....

I am as Pro-Europe and openly minded as I can be and I am quite proud to live in a city that's known for being open minded and friendly and has a harsh protest against any hostile movements against foreigners. We all live together and while even I sometimes see some people with prejudice I do so on a per person basis and because of their behaviour and not because of what they look like.

If people trash a public bus station I don't care if they are Germans or foreigners or aliens, to me they are simply ass holes noatter where they come from.
