POV Characters? Well I'd have to say that I personally find that obviously Daenerys and Tyrion are our most intelligent POV characters by a landslide. They practically beat us over the head with how gifted these two are at almost everything they do. Granted they have set up a catastrophe and obstacle after obstacle for Daenerys to run her way through whereas Tyrion has had a much more simple time in KL though it seems like he's bored out of his mind through most of it showcasing that even though the situation there isn't desirable and may be less strenuous, he could probably handle it in his sleep more often than not. They both have major downfalls though. Daenerys has to struggle with the side of her that yearns to just be a little girl that has a loving family and a home to return to, the part of her that just says fuck it, burn it all out of existence so that I can just do what I want. And the part of her that feels she needs to be a mother. A grown woman protecting what she deems her family, her children. Tyrion has issues with his pride though. We see that the only real times he slips up are when Cersei is just to chaotic for him to figure out, or when she teams up with their father. And obviously Tywin is smarter than both. But these things usually wouldn't change his standing as Tyrion has the ability to put things on hold. He's shown to know when to play with others when it's necessary but sometimes when it comes to these two it becomes apparent that it changes into a battle of pride and he feels as though he needs to defend it by battling with them on their terms where he is at a significant disadvantage. 

&amp;#x200B;

All of that being said I think the middle of the road in terms of POV have to be Catelyn, Cersei and Sansa. Catelyn and Cersei both had the potential to be with Daenerys and Tyrion. They are so incredibly smart that they think along the same wavelength as the two above in several occasions but usually tend to forego what their brains tell them to do in favor of what their hearts tell them to. And that is stupid. I can't argue that they both don't have incredibly stupid moments, because they really do. But at times it just feels like they both are way ahead of the people around them and at others it feels as though they are dead last. So middle of the road for them. And Sansa is here because... she's Sansa. She started off painfully unaware and just awful and it's obvious where she'd being led to. She will become the next Cersei and Catelyn esque character. Only I think she'll reach the levels that they could've and maintain it. 

Worst though? Ned, Arys and Victarion. I can't even read through their chapters without laughing sometimes it is so comical to me. Bless Arys though. Poor guys.
