There is a magical syndrome called the Cloning Disease which can infect any human or alien humanoid. It secretly turns them into a giant shapeshifting amoeba (although they still retain the outward appearance and texture of whatever species they used to be, so that the victim isn't alerted to their having a problem, at least initially).

The only risk the Cloning Disease must make to alert its victim to its presence is to ramp up the victim's appetite, which is part of the Cloning Disease's method of reproduction. So whenever the victim can eat enough to increase their weight by a significant amount, the Cloning Disease then afflicts the victim with temporary insanity--the pathogen is not self-aware, but it is still capable of taking over the victim's mind temporarily, compelling him or her to flee from their comfort zone and go find a nice place to hide for a few hours where no one will think to look for them.

This is when the pathogen compels the victim to divide by mitosis, and is when the disease is most vulnerable, since if they are now discovered it will be clear what's really going on. The victim strips naked and the body sheds its outer layers of camouflage, so that the humanoid-shaped mass of protoplasm can finally do its splitting-apart thing. After this, the Cloning Disease again goes dormant in both the old and new copy of the victim, so that both copies of the victim will eventually regain consciousness. Whichever copy wakes up is allowed by the organism to realize fully what's going on--that they are no more who or what they used to be, but now how to learn how to survive as a fugitive and leave their old life behind. This copy steals the clothes and whatever valuables had been left behind and vanishes into the urban night.

The second copy to awaken is still infected, but he or she has her memories suppressed--as far as they know, they might have been drugged and robbed and left in this alleyway to sleep off the sedative. So they will go back to their old life, file a police report, and be none the wiser--still ever hungry, and unaware that there is now another version of themselves, a doppelganger if you will (or maybe two, five, or twenty, or who knows) roaming the streets of their city, or the corridors of their home space station, or their starship posting, or whatever.

The Cloning Disease is known to some law enforcement and special investigative units tasked with dealing with both technological and supernatural threats. They look for reports of muggings and being left naked in a storage closet or an alleyway somewhere. They also have a database of known infected Clones who have so far escaped capture. Some of the more dangerous victims have been able to skip from world to world, station to station, colony to colony, evading facial recognition  systems and continuing to carry the Cloning Disease with them.

Vectors of infection of new victims of this pathogen are still being researched, but it is suspected the pathogen is transmitted through bodily fluids, intimate contact, etc.
