&gt; we argue almost everyday at this point and im constantly walking on eggshells. there are good days but i admit i often ruin them by not being able to enjoy myself around him anymore. i have completely lost my sense of self and i don't really know who i am or what i like anymore. i don't even know if what i'm feeling is valid or if i really do deserve this or am inconsiderate in my actions. i'm seeking therapy (after months of him telling me he would leave me or just getting upset at the idea of me going) for this reason. 

[Read this.](https://bpdfamily.com/content/how-borderline-relationship-evolves) If you resonate with the article treat is as the final proof that you need to confirm to yourself that he has BPD.

Unfortunately, it is not possible to help someone who refuses help. Most pwBPDs are both unaware and unwilling to recognize they have a personality disorder. Multiple factors play in this - for a pwBPD, a BPD diagnosis is interpreted through splitting and an inner belief that they are unlovable to the core and such diagnosis would verify to them that there is something wrong at them They have narcissistic ego defence mechanisms at play where they deny and project when faced with their own shame. Stigma of the disorder (which is quite frankly, self-created by pwBPDs to an extent) keeps them out from seeking help. When they do seek help, they have the tendency to drop out of the therapy. For them to have any level of success in therapy they have to spend years at there and if they are in a relationship while they are at it... they sabotage their own recovery since the intimacy of the relationship will affect their mental state negatively (it's what will trigger the fights in the first place). 

So given the above circumistances with the fact that these type of relationships tend to cause PTSD/CPTSD to their partners... it's really not worthwhile to stick it out. It's easier to fall in love again with a sane person than to make a sane person out of a crazy person.
