Prepare for some cringe guys, and not to be too “serious” in a sub like this, but the philosophy in the Camus quote is still a *huge* risk and is still irrational.

Firstly “living like there is a god” is extremely vague and doesn’t even explain which god specifically. There are millions of possible “gods” that you would have to consider when “living like,”  all with their own requirements. The chances that you are picking the wrong god is extremely high, you may very well be serving the wrong god only to find out that you fucked up big time when facing judgment under the shadow of Cthulhu in the afterlife. You’re basically throwing a dart blindfolded at a dart board filled with the names of thousands of gods, worshiping the one it lands on, and hoping that it works out. 

This doesn’t even consider that any decent and just god probably wouldn’t give a single fuck about who you worshipped and why. You’re not gonna fool any omnipotent god by thinking you’re being clever just by worshipping the one your parents told you to and the society around you pressured you into, especially if it’s because of selfish reasons and you’re scared of being tormented for eternity for not doing it. I don’t think and omnipotent and omnipowerful being would be so insecure and ignorant that they would torment you for eternity because you didn’t spend your every moment alive worshiping it and doing exactly as it said. What it “said” being the words written by men thousands of years and hundreds of languages ago. 

In my mind any decent god would judge you by your intent, and by your inner compass of morality. A moral compass that you put rigorous effort into developing by using your own ability to  reason. An ability given to you by that god to interpret a reality created by that god. Any omnipotent god would know what you *really* were at your heart and would judge accordingly, with empathy and understanding of your own unique situation and *every single* variable that went into producing your character and identity as a human and moral agent. A far more empathetic and accurate judgment than what any human could even consider. 

Like I said, I don’t want to be too serious, but if someone on here is struggling with their faith, lack of faith, or moral identity, or some kind of existential crisis, just because you don’t “live like *whatever*” doesn’t mean that you are bad, wrong, or even possibly wrong. Everything is gonna be ok as long as you put effort into being *good*.
