No way! OP is not frustrating at all, as a lot of people in posts here trying to point out. The OP's picture, so-called "meme", is just a totally dumb submission intended only to rise artificial and superficial gap between supposedly conflicting groups of thinkers, which can only - surprise surprise - petrify this gap by playing on our natural but irrational instincts, wanting everything to be divided into the two perfectly defined and inherently opposing groups. "Us" versus "them", Plato versus Aristotle, Beatles versus Rolling Stones, Manchester versus Liverpool, top 20th century physicist versus top 21st century popular public intellectuals, etc etc.



But c'mon guys, please try to think just a little bit more. Do not let the internet make you dumb, please do not be victims of plainly stupid biases! Are you really sure that the view (probably very complex and profound) of each of these unbelievably smart physicists on the left (themselves being very complex and profound) on topics like a nature of our reality, platonic realism versus reality only as perceived appearance, objective vs. subjective, etc, etc (do I have to state that these topic are fucking megacomplex and profound??!) can be meaningfully reduced to a few random sentences cut out of any sensible context??? And likewise, are you really sure that another few sentence without any context of the guys on the right (probably very smart and well-read guys... def a way more than me) can be interpreted ONLY as something very NOT-smart and ignorant - that they view all of the mankind philosophy as something useless, plainly wrong, bad in itself and not having any sensible role or meaning in/for our entire civilisation???



In argumentation theory there's one imho very nice methodological principle called [Principle of charity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_charity). But quite often it seems to me that general internet public is completely unaware of it, unfortunately:(



Since when internet memes stopped being fun and their purpose started to rest only in dividing and polarizing people, making senseless accusations and evoke negative feelings...???!?! Or, so to say, haters gonna hate, dividers gonna divide, accusers gonna accuse...

Downvoted and proud of it! And anyone with a brain inside the head should do the same.
