&gt; Rofl. Freeloading. Are you serious? It's a free game. What sort of weird elitist culture are you trying to build? Dismissing people who are smart enough to not spend money on a free game doesn't make you on a better tier, it makes you dumb with a possible addiction issue.

Again, you are not likely a mental health professional so stop dispensing mental health assessments.

It's a free game that still costs money to make and maintain. Some of us occasionally purchase items in game to support the developer/game. Some do so more than occasionally.

You seem to think you are very smart for getting to play the game for free, and are implying that people who buy anything are not smart. Intelligent people realize that just because the cost of entry is nil, doesn't mean that you shouldn't ever consider lending some financial support to something you love.

&gt; Stop acting like an entitled brat with your hand out looking for a compensation because you don't understand words.

I'm gonna wager that I'm older than you, as for entitled...all of your language and the way you talk to people online spells out entitled. I'd guess you often think you are the smartest person in the room. Maybe you are, but you are also tactless and narrow minded.

&gt; Again, look at the doofus dismissing discussion and putting himself above others who are wise enough to diversify hobbies and spend money more wisely.

More wisely? I drop somewhere in the neighborhood of $20-40 a year into the game. I do so because I like the game and I consider it a worthwhile expenditure to use the coins to expand inventory or buy boxes on occasion. Other folks might be less scrupulous, but that's on them.

My argument has always come from the perspective that these events are targeted at coaxing players into spending money on incubators and raid passes in the hopes of getting these things. I find it an ethical lapse when those events have unannounced/unplanned changes midway through the event period. That's not entitled...that's a paying customer airing a grievance with a vendor who has changed the terms of deal on the fly.

&gt; "You don't get a say because you don't spend money on this free game" isn't an argument.

It is when you brag about not spending a dime, and then try to smear people who have bought things. You are taking the superior position of being proud of your lack of support for a game you clearly are pretty invested in, hence these lengthy posts in a sub devoted to it. You care about the game enough to follow threads on Reddit, to argue with people on the sub...but not enough to contribute financially to the game...which makes you a hypocrite.

You are not engaging the issue from a position of good faith. you are attacking the character of people who may have put money into the game specifically because of these events, and are implying they are stupid or irresponsible.

I stand by pointing out that as an unpaying player, you have no skin in this, so you shouldn't feel so strongly that others are incorrect for feeling cheated. You are unaffected, so it's easy for you to dismiss the situation and attempt to smear those who are affected.

&gt; I derive a lot of fun playing the game, too. I play daily. I end up hatching two, maybe three eggs a day with just the free incubator. That number goes up when I spend coins. It takes three days to get enough for a second incubator, four for a super incubator. I do daily quests, and get my weekly research reward consistently. I participate in raids on a fairly regular basis. I have a stock of premium raid passes that I have yet to burn through (I seem to get a lot just from buying the bundles).

So you are a firmly enfranchised player who looks down their nose at people who fund the continuance of something you are investing a tremendous amount of time into?

Do you not realize how callous and ignorant that position is?

&gt; I put plenty of effort into the free game. I'm helping Niantic through keeping the player base alive and interacting with players, which is a second form of currency in free games. Trying to gatekeep my opinion just shows how dumb you and your lot really are.

This is laughable. You are keeping the game alive by showing up? Get real. You really do think very highly of yourself and very little of others.

&gt; Again, this is not a mentally healthy approach to a hobby. You can stomp your feet in anger as much as you want, but in the end you're wrong on all accounts. You literally have no idea what you're talking about. Enjoy throwing real money at a free game so you can get everything just slightly faster than I do, though. Seems like a solid long-term plan for your life 🙄

Again, you are not a mental health professional. It is irresponsible to dispense mental health assessments when you are not qualified to make them.

As for not knowing what I'm talking about? I've played a fair amount of mobile games, and I always contribute occasionally financially because that is the thing that responsible adults do when they are given free access to something that enriches their life in some way. There are lots of organizations that offer free services or facilities and it's completely acceptable to take advantage of them, but if you have the means you should consider contributing to those orgs occasionally. Showing up to just take and take and take and sneer at those who contribute and facilitate the whole program you are spending so much time enjoying is a detestable position. Let me clear, I'm arguing that you are not a particularly good person in this instance. You seem like as pretty selfish person.
