&gt; I'm sincerely asking.

Then I'll sincerely answer.

&gt; If a person doesn't know what they're talking about, how can you entertain anything they say?

With any broad statement, it can be interpreted a number of ways. Let me give two differing examples to illustrate my take on it.

First example, the post you linked. I'll admit, by about 1/3 of the way, I started skimming and switched back to reading carefully for the ending. The entire post epitomizes the phrase "tilting at windmills".

Starting at an extreme, if a person can no longer coherently communicate their ideas, you literally can't take them seriously. In a post like that one, I can get a very vague idea of what his points are, but I'm projecting a LOT of my assumptions about him to do so, which makes taking him seriously to be either dangerous or pointless, depending on the situation.

That person doesn't need a theological discussion, they need a psychologist.

That brings me to the second example, me. First, let's refresh what OP's claim was:

&gt; Gotta love how people, unlearned, armed with only what they read on the internet, like to come in here and ask a question, but then argue with people who know more than they do.

I have no formal education, theologically speaking. I am armed only with what I've read and discussed on the internet. I've come in here to ask a question. Now I'm arguing (in the good spirited sense) with people (you) that know more than I do (by your own claim, on this specific topic).

From your perspective, I meet the criteria perfectly. I am an example. And indeed, you came on pretty strong to let me know it. 

Yet, I like to think that I'm reasonably polite, willing to listen and learn, willing to argue in good faith, and I definitely like to think that I'm more coherent than the post you linked. On my good days, I even like to think I have something to say that's worth hearing.

So to bring this back to your question, while I agree there is a level of ignorance above which you shouldn't engage, I think it's far, far higher than you currently have it set and I think it must include a degree of arguing-in-bad-faith or speaking-without-listening or something like that. I also see a distinction between crazy and ignorant that I think you may see differently.
