&gt;First example, the post you linked. I'll admit, by about 1/3 of the way, I started skimming and switched back to reading carefully for the ending. The entire post epitomizes the phrase "tilting at windmills".  
&gt;  
&gt;Starting at an extreme, if a person can no longer coherently communicate their ideas, you literally can't take them seriously. In a post like that one, I can get a very vague idea of what his points are, but I'm projecting a LOT of my assumptions about him to do so, which makes taking him seriously to be either dangerous or pointless, depending on the situation.  
&gt;  
&gt;That person doesn't need a theological discussion, they need a psychologist.

To quote your own words, "Who are you to dictate the discourse?" How do I know this standard isn't gatekeeping? 

&gt; I have no formal education, theologically speaking. I am armed only with what I've read and discussed on the internet. 

As I said, it's not needed for faith, but it is for doctrine. And you have many resources other than the internet, namely a clergy.

&gt;I've come in here to ask a question.  

But I don't think that's being honest considering your first initial comment was, "Ours is a religion of faith. People can have ideas and beliefs that aren't supported by facts and figures. These people want to discuss things. Also, you're gatekeeping and that's generally frowned upon." No interrogative statements. 

&gt; From your perspective, I meet the criteria perfectly. I am an example. And indeed, you came on pretty strong to let me know it. 

I apologize, that was not my intent. You just at that moment presented exactly what OP posted this thread about. It's common practice to give Scripture in context so you can see its relevance to make sure it's not cherry picked. A very common amateur mistake when debating Scripture is to point to the non-relevant Scripture and misrepresent the argument. The only time you would do that is if the Scripture really is presented in conflict to the argument. Like when Mormons say that the Pauline epistles are about earning salvation through works, notice they never give the verses they cite in context because you would literally have to disregard everything else that Paul has ever said to believe that to be true.

&gt; I also see a distinction between crazy and ignorant that I think you may see differently. 

No, it's probably the same as you, but I'm asking what makes crazy "crazy" and why is it less valid than anything else? What standard are you using to say their view is invalid? Keep in mind as soon as you set a standard, you're gatekeeping.

&gt; while I agree there is a level of ignorance above which you shouldn't engage, I think it's far, far higher than you currently have it set and I think it must include a degree of arguing-in-bad-faith or speaking-without-listening or something like that. 

When arguing about faith or what the word says, I agree, but when making an argument against Sola Scriptura, or the Trinity, etc., that needs a degree of understanding higher than common grasp. What you get, most of the time (and I feel OP's pain on this one throughout this sub), is people tossing out vital and major points of Christianity for no better reason than they don't like them. And if you tell them, "that's not Christianity, no matter who much you may think that," now you're gatekeeping.
