Wow,

I think that Sandman1025 pretty said what I was going to say.

I feel/think that you really should think about your relationship, and ask yourself if you are happy now, and do/can you see yourself being happy in the near and far future while in this relationship.

I see red flags in pretty much everything you have written, and to put things in simple terms, things don't look good my man.

I don't think you are being "too sensitive", in fact that statement really sounds like gas lighting to me.

There was no mention of how long you dated and how long the engagement was, and if there was any cohabitation.   I'm gonna guess the answers are, "not long", "pretty short" and "no".

I will also guess that she pushed/pressed to make things happen quickly, and she was really private/secretive about her finances, as well as any talk about any exes.  

I'm sorry to say that it really looks like she decided that you were a "good catch" and she totally played you, by being or representing herself as someone she wasn't.  And of course the "true colors" came out, pretty much as soon as you put the ring on her finger and signed the paperwork...

I personally think that you should look into ending this relationship as soon as possible, not sure where you are, and what options you have, but annulment would be best/ideal (like you never got married in the first place) the reason(s) are pretty much spelled out in your OP.  And if that isn't an option, then a divorce.  In either case, be prepared for her and possibly her family to get really nasty...

I'm really sorry that I had to say all that, but that's how I see things based on what you have written.  It really looks like the two of you are/were incompatible, but you were unaware and unable to see it because she hid things and "pretended" to be someone that she isn't.

I would suggest that you go back to the or a lawyer and ask about annulments, I would expect a lawyer to ask you what you want to do, and then advise you based on your wants/wishes.  I really think that you should get a second opinion, and specifically ask about annulments.  I personally don't care for lawyers, especially divorce lawyers, because they benefit the most when you have a really messy and long divorce.  That being said, doesn't mean that all lawyers are bad, but it never hurts to be careful.  Also, using the Google and the like to get information on divorce and annulment in your country/area is always a good idea.

Only four months, and this level of unhappiness, that really sucks.

I do hope that you are able to find/make a plan that works best for you, you should do the things that make you happy or that you know are good for you.  No real or logical reason to stay in such a new relationship.

BTW, I would highly suggest/recommend that you don't have unprotected sex with her, and don't trust that she is taking precautions.  Getting pregnant is often a ploy used by some women to try to tie the man down and keep him from leaving.  

Finally, be really cautious when/if she suddenly becomes "better" because that's a TRAP!  She will just go back to her old/real ways as soon as she feels that the "danger" has passed.

Best wishes and good hope to you.

Stay strong, you deserve to be happy/content with your relationship.
