NTA  


While it isn't uncommon to provide drinks or food for service workers who will be in your home for a period of time, it *is* rude and still stealing to take something without asking in advance (and getting permission). I wouldn't even help myself to a glass of water in someone's home without first getting permission or becoming friends, and only if they told me where items were and made it clear it was okay for me to get something for myself.   


And that's in a friendly/acquaintance capacity, not in an employment or service setting. In an employment setting, it is bad enough to steal from your co-workers. Your employer or client? That's even worse.  


Had it not been for his flippant response, I might have been inclined to believe that he was new and unaware that this was inappropriate behavior. I might have believed it was a mistake. But his continued disrespect after being addressed, directly, by the homeowner? That makes it obvious that he simply didn't care.  


As someone who has worked service positions, and who knows people who've been in delivery and transportation services, you're not in the wrong. At the very least, the kid deserves a major scolding and disciplinary action. More realistically, he needs to learn that this behavior is inappropriate and needs to find a new line of employment. He's not just dragging his own name or face through the mud when he misbehaves at work. He is also representing the company, and his co-workers. He should have known to hold himself to higher standards. He should know not to steal from people, to begin with, and to apologize if someone calls him out on something.  


The kid deserves whatever judgement his boss delivers. You were not in the wrong for talking to one of the other staff about his behavior. He'll learn, and hopefully he'll grow and be better in the future. Better now than later.  


Give yourself a break, and try to enjoy your new home. The consequences of his actions are not your fault or burden to bear.
