I actually have a concept organization that Im passionate about that aims to do just this. Its called "**Targeted.**"

It would provide resources, education and referral networks to victims. Resources such as advocacy, support hotlines and safe shelters. (The shelter part could be accomplished by working with homeless shelters and partnering up with them to ensure they're truly safe places.) Education that provides reactive and preventative protective methods to protect yourself and your family from being/becoming targeted. And lastly referral services such as legal assistance, mental health support and local resource centers.

However it could face alot of hurdles. It can become a very delicate endeavor to actually "help" victims. First of all, I imagine if a *physical assistance center* was offered that the person who asks for help and has assassins following behind them could pose a challenge. But working with local law enforcement to ensure they're capable of responding and ensuring an office / charter is safeguarded enough to ensure a hostage situation doesn't sprout could resolve that. 

If those at home are targeting a person, providing housing and shelter programs can become expensive and easily abused.

And getting funding is a big problem. Some more elaborate goals can become very expensive. Not to forget that getting funding from certain elite groups that are trying to cover up the nearly dead hooker they paid for rather then save her/him could pose a challenge. *humor* However the reality is, is that the world isnt completely like that.

I already run one organization however it was initially built primarily to educate the unaware and uninvolved about gangstalking rather than assist victims directly. Targeted is an organization that provides direct assistance to victims. I may start off with a smaller sized call center and grow from there. However in due time I'll (we'll!) work towards building it into something great. Any volunteer offerings to get this started sooner than later is much appreciated.
