&gt;No? It just has to trick the suit into thinking that the signals the AI are sending are in fact the user's CNS signals, or thoughts if you will

And Cortana couldn’t do that? 

&gt;No? How did I confuse it?

The only time the effects of MJOLNIR’s stat multiplication was ever stated by a character was by Halsey. Every other instance was from narration/out of universe source. Therefore it’s not a word of character, by definition.

&gt; Force multiplying circuits could also be interpreted to mean that the circuits increase the user's strength multiple times (or, dare I say it, multiplying it).

This is stupid because not every person who wears the suit has the same strength or speed, in fact they make a point to denote noticeable gaps between the strengths and weaknesses of Spartans compared to one another. 

[Before Halsey even had a clue how strong her Spartans were, she said that the armor doubled the wearer’s strength.](https://imgur.com/a/8cqpgJv) I guess she’s either trolling or secretly an idiot if somehow she forgot that her Spartans were massively stronger than before, even more than she expected.

&gt; Of course, as to why it's not simply named "circuits that increase the user's strength multiple times", the obvious answer is that force multiplying circuits sounds way better.

Why not just call it what it allegedly is then if it’s secretly this very straightforward and ununique technology that doesn’t do anything that doesn’t already exist, let alone the main thing it’s marketed as doing? There’s no reason to even use the word multiplying any more than any other form of power armor, including the power armor that already exists in universe.

&gt; If max relaxation chief was truly at max relaxation and his arms shot up so fast because the armor's multiplier is insanely high, then chief wouldn't be able to even grip a gun

Then it’s completely unreconcilable either way. I don’t understand how this point is any less relevant to the interpretation that the armor is entirely conceptually based. It just sounds like he made a mistake due to inexperience which is why he pummeled himself.

&gt; The multiplier simply cannot be so high that max relaxation causes superspeed motion, it would make Chief completely unable to function. Therefore we know for certain that this interpretation is wrong.

Where does that leave us? You’re just as much arguing against yourself because apparently the sheer concept of moving his arm a little is imperceptibly fast. 

&gt; Nothing suggests that intrepid eye can hack a biological being's nervous system to control his muscles except your interpretation

We already know the suit can exert stimuli onto the wearer sufficient to cause involuntary convulsion given Cortana exploded an Infection form that had latched on to Chief by shocking him with electricity. 

&gt; The fact remains that chief had absolutely 0 reason to disobey halsey's request in this situation. It's a fairly minimal request - just relax and test the system. Disobeying such a small order for no good reason is just plain insubordination.

Try and hold your arm completely still parallel to the ground. You wouldn’t be able to do it if you tried. Humans aren’t machines, we don’t have absolute or perfect control of our bodies and we aren’t infallible. John is being clumsy because he’s going through a heavy handed analogy for puberty, and therefore not used to controlling himself with his “new body”. He made a mistake that wasn’t purposeful.

&gt; Yea I misremembered and Chief has some instances of disobeying orders

My point is that you have a tendency to overrate your memory and I am forced to repeatedly do all of the research and work on your behalf since you can’t be bothered. This hurts every argument you make however valid the reasoning may be.

&gt; That is not an order. You're stretching it way too far.

Says you. It shows how unaware and clumsy he is in this state.

&gt; You're the one pretending

You came up with this term to describe a motion I never made.

&gt; Let's summarize the assumptions of your interpretation, as you yourself have stated.
1) Nylund has no concept of scale

This is a conclusion you made long before i voiced this opinion when objecting to the notion that a Spartan could warp titanium barehanded. Don’t act as if it’s now unreasonable to hold this view when it’s convenient.

&gt; therefore all references of 2x or even 5x force multiplication are wrong

In this instance, maybe. In others, it would seem more consistent. I think it’s a stupid idea to rely on a specific number anyway. The only reason I’d ever even reference it is the fact that either the armor’s strength enhancement is framed as improving drastically over time (which would coincide with the influx of higher end feats in media taking place post-2552) as indicated by Halsey’s Journal, or it’s been retconned to be massively higher than the doubled strength Nylund initially envisioned.

Anyway, if not doubled or quintupled or what have you, what is the relationship between Spartan speed and strength with and without their armor according to you? Since “fractal scaling” is just this buzz term Halsey came up with no meaning. Spartans are still accidentally moving at blur speeds and hitting themselves hard enough to pulverize bones by accident.

&gt; Intrepid eye straight up hacked Fred's nerves and could move his body

That’s more believable when you consider that AI straight up can’t manipulate the armor in any way otherwise. Bad Blood agrees.
