"Overall, parental OT increased across the study period and there were no differences between maternal and paternal OT at each time point."

What are you talking about? This is not at all the same as Oxytocin, which is a hormone that the mother's body automatically releases that really have nothing with the unconsciously whereas a boundary between a father a child is done consciously; which means it is a choice where the mother doesn't. Oxytocin is not found in Men at all when it comes to Biological factors. The males don't automatically have it, the males look for it, whereas the female's body automatically releases it. 

"You're not special, you're just a chauvinist."
 Chauvinist or not, I, at least, acknowledge myself on stuff.

"Unless a woman decides she doesn't want it, right? Because fuck equality, her choice, his responsibility, yeah?"
 
Oh, maybe because...I don't know? The biological factors of the complete seed growing inside the body of the woman? It's all her choice if she chooses to abort it because it is in her body, but, if she chooses to keep it, she didn't put there alone. Did she? Just like she didn't force you to try your penis inside of her vagina, so, you see, one way or the other, it's all about choices. You don't want to pay child support? Leave women alone. 

"You're applying the same definition as Koss, you just don't have the intelligence to recognize it."

 And you don't have the reading comprehension level to tell things apart. Here, again, read calmly and take your time, and, even if you spend hours in reading it, keep in mind there'll be a time when your dyslexic brain will get it: "counterclaim for ya: One in five women and one in 71 men will be raped at some point in their lives (a) y 46.4% lesbians, 74.9% bisexual women and 43.3% heterosexual women reported sexual violence other than rape during their lifetimes, while 40.2% gay men, 47.4% bisexual men and 20.8% heterosexual men reported sexual violence other than rape during their lifetimes. 91% of the victims of rape and sexual assault are female, and 9% are male. And these are very recent results from the modern world, and, now, you are asking yourself, "If the results are like this in the modern world, a world that recognize women as human beings, then what could things have been in older ages? " I'm not stupid, and so I know what I said, but, as any incompetent and brainless conversationalist, you took that only one prhase that benefited you and came up with an answer. I didn't say rape on males were rare, the statistics and proofs said them. I'm not pretending anything, just like I'm not pretending rape on men couldn't occur, but, let's not pretend that rape on men occurred even nearly as the same rate. Acknowledge what needs to be acknowledged and stop running away from the truth in order to feed your immeasurable self-denying. That's illogical.
       Vs 
"it is inappropriate to consider as a rape victim a man who engages in unwanted sexual intercourse with a woman."
 
And, even if you don't get it, keep on reading over and over.

"Because Ni is following a script wherein men bad and women victim and never think for yourself! 
 No, just the fact that you show no sign of intelligence. 

"Lol, women arranged marriages, deal with it."

"Arranged marriages were very common throughout the world until the 18th century. Typically, marriages were arranged by parents, grandparents or other relatives. First, the father or mother would see the man they wanted for the child, and would decide together if they wanted him, however, the final decision would go to the father. If the father disagreed, the mother would not be able to allow the marriage, and, even if the mother disagreed, if the father wanted it, the marriage would still be able to happen."
Read that again! C A R E F U L L Y.

"Conscription isn't a right, princess."

I know what I said. I didn't say that about SS, but the right for women to get into army; which is basically what you have to gain first before trying to get yourself into SS. And Women fought for it, now, because of Biological factors, it's a lost case when women want to be in SS, and that's totally logical, and I'm pretty sure women have more to fight against as women rights than a stupid law invented BY MALES FOR MALES in order to kill each other more comfortably. When you're fighting for causes, you don't fight for the bad ones. Do you? When the males were making this law, they did not demand women's permission, so why would women have get into it? You do the bed you sleep in alone. 

"What an adorable framing, but men only gained an equal voting right to women in 1975, before they lost it in 1980, and I still don't see you fighting for equality in either direction."

Oh, did you mean, black people as a whole? Yeah, I got you, because it sure would be gibberish to even think of saying that false propaganda about white males losing their right to vote. I really hope you know what you're saying here, or even understand a little bit what you jusy stated because I don't think you understand how stupid and ignorant that sounded. Also, we're not talking about me fighting equality because I think you're slightly losing the file of the conversation now. We're talking about the OBVIOUS sexism that wonen faced because of men, and the fact that the men built the society that you are trying to dismiss here on behalf of women. Women have very little to do with this society and its foundations, facts, histories, events; they are all say it, and, if you don't agree, guess what? Facts don't give a shit. 


"Oh, so you're in support of slavery, Nazis, communism, etc.? Yikes!"
No, but I know who made those movements; the males. Every tragic historical event was done by a male. Why? Why so? There are way more male criminals and psychopaths being bars. Why? WW1 and WW2; males... Genghis... Male.
