Please change my mind here:

I am an eternal skeptic and your cynicism towards this sub is the most clairvoyant thing I've heard from the Sangha in years.  It seemed like too often I was just indulging self righteous teachers and wackjobs off the street who wanted to talk about how they spoke tree.  I was kinda subbed here hopping it might influence me to go back.  But now I believe that all the teachers I admired were just good at faking being wise by copying other people faking being wise who were just copying other people faking being wise.

Sitting felt good, and cultivating loving kindness felt good, not drinking was a good idea.  I still believe in the Nobel Truths, but I kindof always did and they don't become less true if you don't practice.  -The 8 fold path and precepts are good ideas to follow in order to reduce suffering, but I think some things in life are worth suffering for, and I want to get as much as I can out of everything.  I think the depths of human suffering are as meaningful or at least as significant as joy.

If I'm honest with my the human race/universe/earth/myself doesn't actually deserve equanimous loving kindness or more likely its all just completely indifferent and unaware and spiritual practice is entirely a pleasant feeling fiction.  ----i would sit for hours for days and tell myself I felt something better for it but did I really?  Or did I just sit there in a room of assholes pretending to be on a party waiting for some *enlightenment* to wake me over the head?

Maybe the truest thing I've ever heard is: "life is shit and death is worse." And that's really that.

What I like about Zen was the practice and fixation on cutting away all illusions to see the truest nature of reality.  But I'm pretty certain the physical world is actually the realest and only real reality there is and Zen and Buddhism and the whole great mystery of the spiritual dimension is the illusion.

Please change my mind - and if you say "what is the sound of 1 hand clapping" I will hunt you down and smack you off your cusion.
