Let's go for facts then. The Mueller Report confirmed that many people in Trump's election campaign were associated with Russia and doing illegal deals with Russian agents, and that Trump's sons attempted to make illegal deals with Russian agents but weren't able to actually do so. (Mueller appeared to be really generous in assuming the best from Trump's sons in that section IMHO...)

Donald Trump is then either completely incompetent and unaware that many people he hired who were working directly on his campaign were compromised and working for Russia, or aware and complicit in their deals. Neither one of which is something we should expect from the President of the United States.   


Likewise, the President's adamant refusal to release his tax returns, even after promising he would do so, combined with the statement by Trump's sons that they do a lot of business with Russia, is troubling. When you add that to the above, it may not be hard and fast proof, but it sure does seem fishy.   


Add to that the fact that many of Trump's decisions in foreign policy end up favoring Putin, the fact that he literally asked Russia to hack Hillary's e-mails on television, the withdrawal of several sanctions Obama placed on Russia, and a pattern emerges.  


Trump acts like someone financially compromised by a foreign power. His decisions to side with Putin's word over the US intelligence services, his withdrawal of US forces from countries at odds with Russia, the fact that he's had secret meetings with the President of Russia against standard policy, his active interference in Mueller's investigation into Russian ties to his campaign, all of which don't make much sense for the President of the United States under normal circumstances.   


Like... being totally honest here, the fact that Trump adamantly was opposed to an investigation into his election campaign and wanted to do everything to stop it, and that many people in his campaign were found guilty of illegal deals with Russia in and of itself should be enough evidence that Trump is up to something. An innocent party would welcome the chance to be exonerated by a respected official like Mueller. Trump wasn't.
