I actually do believe Nagai (when sticking to canon) is arguably the best director out of the bunch, largely because he's been able to dedicate as many episodes as he wants to them. In particular, I *do* think Level Upper's anime adaptation was arguably stronger than the source material: yes, it became more about Saten than Academy City as a whole, but that gave it more emotional impact (even if it detracts from the scale); Saten being somewhat resentful towards those with Levels and initially cynical about meeting Misaka was also a *fantastic* change, as it was a very subtle way to show what her mindset was like at the time. It also leads heavily into her decision to use Level Upper in the first place, which feels a little flat when compared to the manga.

That said, I do dislike that, during the "finale" of that Arc that Misaka doesn't get any flashes or images of any other students, nor do they follow-up on them. I'm genuinely curious as to why that was cut, as it would have been barely half an episode, if that. Especially since, well...

...the biggest flaw with Nagai is his choice of filler. Now granted, both Poltergeist and Silent Party are arguably "required" in order to resolve the character arcs of Kiyama and Shinobu (which are otherwise left hanging, aside from oblique references later on). That doesn't meant they're *good*, but it does mean that hating on them for existing is a little silly. I'd rather reserve that hate for 2/3 of Railgun 1 and it's utterly absurd filler, as well as the fact that Kongou was effectively ruined in her adaptation (in large part because of how frequently she was used).

I still don't get the hate for the clover-episode, though. &gt;\_&gt;; I mean, I *sort of* get it, but honestly, providing a sense of extreme cognitive dissonance: it plays Misaka's despair and moronic (and it was, as much as I love her) one-girl struggle against the backdrop of "everything else in the world is completely normal". It is a *fantastic* touch. It's also nice to get confirmation that her friends are not in fact completely thick and ignorant that something's wrong, as well as exploring (even if only barely) why they're not chasing her down.

Was it necessary? Technically speaking, no, but much like episode 17, I really did genuinely enjoy it and felt like it added something to the universe, rather than just stretched a schedule.
