1. Know the rules regarding noise ordinances and false complaints to police and forms of harassment with your lease, municipality and/or county.  Knowing the rules and keeping your cool are important in every situation.  
2. Knowing when to fight an issue and when not to fight an issue is critical.   Ask your self is this really that big of a deal and isolate the parts that really matter to you.  I would start with that police call.
3. Document every interaction with this person in a notebook.  In that notebook you should include the times and what was said or done.  This includes all related interactions with your landlord that pertain to this issue.
4. As best as you are able, you should keep him as relaxed as possible.  You don't want to alarm him.  It may escalate the situation.  It is important that he not think that you are going to retaliate in any way, so that if you do decide to , for example, call the police he is caught completely unaware and unlikely to mount a solid defense.
5. Are you the only person that is suffering from this neighbors complaints?  You should quietly check around.  If he is disturbing other neighbors then you might have an argument to make to your landlord or another authority.
6. Numbers 3 and 5 are part of this point, but I want to say it explicitly, use the data to develop a plan.  If you notice that he complains at the same time be sure to document that as a finding.  If he complains about your noise level be sure to have some instrument like a decibel meter to demonstrate objectively how reasonable or unreasonable his complaint is.  Here are some ideas regarding measuring the noise you are making:    [https://www.wikihow.com/Measure-Decibels](https://www.wikihow.com/Measure-Decibels) 
7. Finally,  your plan will either involve you attempting to communicate to this person one on one or with you attempting to find a mediator such as your landlord.  If you have more than one person complaining that will be helpful in making a case against him.  If that mediation doesn't work then you will have to write a letter to an authority with a copy of your documented evidence.  After each attempt at mediation leave some time to see if there is a difference in behavior.  If there isn't a difference you will either need to escalate or ignore it.

Now with all of that said you need to ask yourself again, is it worth it.  Should you just move to another apartment or ignore this persons behavior.  It might be easier to move but its often better to try to solve problems, peacefully, than run from them.  Best of luck.
