Yes, romantic relationships between Congressional representatives and their staffers are against House rules, irrespective of whether they are consensual or not, and are sufficient grounds for resignation. I am unaware and unconcerned about how this information came to light. 

Consider student-teacher romantic relationships. Here's [policy](http://catalog.yale.edu/dus/university-policy-statements/teacher-student-consensual-relations/) I looked up for Yale University:

&gt; Whenever a teacher is or in the future might reasonably become responsible for teaching, advising, or directly supervising a student, a sexual relationship between them is inappropriate and must be avoided. In addition to creating the potential for coercion, any such relationship jeopardizes the integrity of the educational process by creating a conflict of interest and may impair the learning environment for other students. Finally, such situations may expose the University and the teacher to liability for violation of laws against sexual harassment and sex discrimination.

&gt; **Therefore, teachers (see below) must avoid sexual relationships with students over whom they have or might reasonably expect to have direct pedagogical or supervisory responsibilities, regardless of whether the relationship is consensual.** Conversely, teachers must not directly supervise any student with whom they have a sexual relationship. Undergraduate students are particularly vulnerable to the unequal institutional power inherent in the teacher-student relationship and the potential for coercion, because of their age and relative lack of maturity. Therefore, no teacher shall have a sexual or amorous relationship with any undergraduate student, regardless of whether the teacher currently exercises or expects to have any pedagogical or supervisory responsibilities over that student.

Although they make special mention of undergraduate students, the bolded rules would also apply to graduate and pre-doctoral students, where the age and maturity gap would not be as large.
