
&gt; Yes they did. They actually compared the genetic disease risk to the European group at the highest risk of rare genetic disorders. And the 81 caste groups I mentioned were higher than the highest group in Europe. Here is a table from that study: https://ibb.co/qd01RVH . So yes, much more severe than European societies.

as per the pic only one of those groups was higher above finns and ashkenazi jews,other groups werent as well indicated.


&gt; Regardless of what the details of this study are, your original statement about the caste system promoting genetic diversity simply isn't true. It actually did the opposite and created greater health risks. If you have any genetic studies showing that the caste system promotes genetic variance, I would love to read them.

I'm basing my views on the greater rules for controlling inbreeding than which are found in most societies.

the prohibition of marriage between two families for seven generations and also the complete prohibition on marriage with anyone of the same gotra even within caste should automatically lead to greater variance than observable among other populations with similar density.

&gt; It is interesting that all the examples you mentioned are kings or people with power. Still doesn't support your argument that the caste system promotes inclusiveness. Kings and people with great power could always do what they wanted. In the villages, however, it was a different story for the common peasant.

Very well,here are a few scriptural examples  to the contrary,

The 
only person apart from arjun to see the vishwaroop of Sri Krishna was Sanjaya,the charioteer.

Before the bhagavad geeta in the mahabharat comes the vyadha geeta wherein a butcher acts as guru to a brahman yogi and shares the secrets of enlightenment.

Historically too,The orthodox brahmin Chanakya chose a shudra boy chandragupta as his pupil and elevated him to kingship,dethroning a brahmin dynasty in the process.

All skilled workers like artisans ,carpenters,hunters etc were shudras who obviously did business ,ie. traded in their wares and skill and the caste system allowed them to train early in their professions and create unrivalled masterpieces like the monolithic kailasa temple.

obviously they were well respected for their skill.

 &gt;If we see stories such as this: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-43605550 in present-day India, it is laughable to suggest that the caste system promoted inclusivity for all who wanted to exercise their preferences in the past.

Comparing the past with the present is ridiculous when all our educational institutions and scholars were destroyed first by Muslims and then the remaining were subverted by Christians.

BTW the vast majority of dalit violence is from muslims like the man recently burned alive for celebrating India's victory in a cricket match or this months very case of a 13 year old Dalit girl gangraped by muslims because she was a kaffir,or even the attack on dalits singing bhajans in a temple.



&gt; Not sure what the point you are trying to make is here. You don't need a caste system to efficiently manage labour. I would say that nepotism arising from caste system in fact promotes inefficient management of labour, if anything since s people are put into positions simply because of who their father was, not because of their aptitude or talent.

I disagree,a brahmin who drank liquor or gambled/womanized would be forsaken no matter who his father was,so also a shudra who was unskilled in his work couldnt depend on his father's fame to sustain him.
 
 
&gt; The world is overpopulated as it is. The rest of the world should decrease their birth rates as well.

Not at the cost of cultural extinction.

Though i do encourage you to prefer adoption over biological children if you're so inclined.

&gt;Another major reason why there are low birth rates in the west is because women also have the freedom to pursue careers. Is this a bad thing? 

women are also the primary consumers of anti depression medication in the west,is this a bad thing?

trends in female happiness in the west have also shown consistent decline since the 1970's,male happiness is intact.

Divorce rates too have exploded with a marriage in the west now having 60% chance of failure for first marriage.

&gt;Birth rates in some South India are below replacement level as well, which is a good thing. I think the rest of India needs to follow.

South Indian states are also being abrahamized as a result,since population control is Haram in islam.

Kerala alone sees Hindus becoming a minority in a district every 5 years.
 
&gt; Migrants are a different issue entirely and not relevant to this discussion. Population decline is a good thing, especially for India.

Discussing social structures inevitably involves discussion of factors affecting their existence.
 

 
&gt; If you are part of the modern world, which I am guessing you are since you use your phone/computer, you are also contributing to these problems because you use electricity.

Except per capita carbon emissions of an Indian are less than one tenth of a westerner.

 &gt;The solution to these isn't to implement the Varna system across the world and go backwards. The only solution is to move forward through education and awareness.

Do you mean  the Hindu education that nature was sacred was backwards and ignorant? that pollution of water sources was an exile worthy crime and sin punished by Hell.

that trees were to be cut only as per needs and not for profit.
 

&gt; America is #19 on the World's Happiness Report by the United Nations (my country Canada is # 9), while India is #140 and Uganda is #136. America and Canada must be doing something right. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Happiness_Report

from your link:



Others point out that the ranking results are counterintuitive when it come to some dimensions, for "instance if rate of suicide is used as a metric for measuring unhappiness, (the opposite of happiness), then some of the countries which are ranked among the top 20 happiest countries in the world will also feature among the top 20 with the highest suicide rates in the world."

besides the rankings come out vastly different for the two other agencies making that very list.

https://www.huffpost.com/entry/women-and-prescription-drug-use_n_1098023

I suppose happiness comes easy to those who need to take happy pills to function without killing themselves.

https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/282929.php

Suicide is the second-leading cause of death among people aged 10-34 years.
 



&gt; I have no idea what any of this means. But if a Brahmin can do the work of a Shudra and a Shudra can do the work of a Brahmin in modern times, then the necessity of having a caste system has clearly faded away. I think this the answer that I was looking for. Thank you.

The answer doesnt mean that varna of birth or social jati are irrelevant either.their purposes are social and astrological,which form the essential reasons for your girlfriends family's objection.
