Yeah, I’ve been out here for almost a decade now and have done a decent amount of street photography as well as painting and it all comes down to how you show yourself. I’ve yet to run into any real issue.

I actually took a class in school that had us doing some photo and recording work in the tenderloin for long periods- My teacher had been doing work in that area for almost 15 years and had only had an issue once during all that time.

He always said it came down to a mixture of respect and blending in. If you’re in someone else’s neighborhood you need to respect them and their space- they’re likely going to know you’re not from that specific neighborhood, but you don’t want to look like some unaware tourist meandering about either. It’s obvious you have relatively expensive photo gear, but if you dress casually and plain, act respectful to the people around you, and do your best to blend in, you just look like a local artist which earns a lot more respect from people than just “unaware techie” or “lost tourist.” 

But yeah- don’t wear anything overly showoffy- keep it simple. Grungy work jeans, a basic hoodie and tshirt and some scuffed up shoes or boots are a safe go to. If you’ve got important gear on you, you don’t want to call attention to yourself. Don’t bring anything you don’t need and use a basic unassuming backpack for your gear.

Be careful where you shoot- a lot of the local drug dealers and prostitutes are actually really friendly people, but absolutely do not take a picture of them working a deal. They have specific spots though, and quickly scoping out an area means you can avoid accidentally taking a picture you shouldn’t because it’ll be pretty obvious. If you’ve got a camera out, just look around- people will spot you and a lot of times you can just tell by their body language whether it’s okay or not.

If you’re new to the area especially I wouldn’t recommend going out of my way to chat with any of the people loitering (since they’re usually dealers, prostitutes or homeless and aren’t looking for random people butting in) but I had a couple of dealers come up and say hi a couple of times. They were bored and were wondering what we were doing. Being quick witted and chatting about your project or the neighborhood and since they’re locals they’ll sometimes have good insight on the area. Yeah, some of people live pretty hard lives and it can be scary I guess, but they’re still normal people. They’ve got interests and hopes and dreams too. Treat then as such and it goes a really long way.

I definitely stress knowing the basics of the neighborhood before you go- especially if you plan on shooting in some of the lower income sections of the city. Like I said, they’ll probably know you’re not from that particular neighborhood, but the city is big with people from all walks of life living there so blending in as a local isn’t too difficult and can be important to a lot of people. I recommend scoping the areas out on google maps before you go- knowing the general area and streets will help, and while it’s cool to check your phone some, staring at google maps directions makes you stick out like a sore thumb.

And just be quick on your feet. If you feel uncomfortable, remove yourself from the situation. Most people are honestly well meaning, but especially in the case of some of the homeless dealing with mental illness and addiction, you want to establish boundaries. I’ve been told I just look friendly and approachable, so I might run into this a little more, but sometimes I’ll chat it up with someone who’s obviously working through some issues and they can be a little clingy/come across as creepy. Generally speaking I think most of them aren’t trying to come across that way or have bad intentions- I think they’re just bored and I’d imagine it’s probably nice to talk to people that are willing to just chat with them and treat them like a normal person. But mental illness and drugs can definitely lower a persons self awareness and things can start feeling uncomfortable. When that happens, just excuse yourself politely. Let them know you need to get back to work/work on your project and you can chat next time you’re in the area.

Honestly, people overstate the dangers even in the worst parts of town. Sure, a lot of shit happens, but as a whole you’re pretty safe. Most robberies happen to those who are dreadfully unaware and most of them happen to tourists/newcomers in touristy spots.

Be aware, be respectful, and blend in and you honestly shouldn’t run into any issues.
