You're making the common mistake of attacking an argument I haven't made. Again, I am not referring to racism, but to the concept of race. To say that prior to the Atlantic slave trade human beings were blissfully unaware and ignorant of differences in physical characteristics is completely stupid. It goes back to the beginning of humanity.  
  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_race_concepts#Early_Modern_period  
  
3rd C. China- Compares "the barbarians of blond hair and green eyes as 'resembling the monkeys from which they are descended.'"  

~1500 BC India- In the Reg-Vida, the god of the Aryas, Indra, is described as "blowing away with supernatural might from earth and from the heavens the black skin which Indra hates." The Anasahs were dark-skinned with flat noses, and the account describes how Indra "slew the flat-nosed barbarians," and after having conquered their land, Indra decreed that the foe was to be "flayed of his black sin."  
  
Egypt- 1350 B.C.- portraits of people on walls of tombs were made in 4 colors, white for people from the North, yellow for people from the East, black for blacks, and red for themselves. When the lighter skinned Egyptians were in power, they referred to the darker group as "the evil race of Ish." When the darker group was in power, the lighter skinned people were "the pale, degraded race of Arvad."  

Ancient Judaism is full of it. The entire story of Ham being cursed by Noah for not looking away from Noah's nakedness resulted in the descendants of Ham being made dark-skinned.  
  
Ancient Greece has a myth that attempts to account for the different races- the legend of Phaethon, where he lost control of the sun chariot, drove it too close to the Earth, burning people black, and then turning too far away and leaving people cold, turning them white.  
Hippocrates in the 5th century B.C. was assigning characteristics to people of different races based on their color and their physical characteristics.  
4th. Century AD- Julian the Apostate questions "how very different in their bodies are the Germans and Scythians from the Libyans and Ethiopians." The Greeks and Romans were very interested in determining how the different "races" developed, whether from a single pair of progenitors or multiple, and also how climate and geography might have helped create the different races.  
  
These are not examples of racism per se, as I have never said that racism as such existed prior to the Atlantic slave trade. But these are without a doubt examples of humanity having race constructs well-established prior to the Atlantic slave trade. Europeans did not construct race out of thin air at the time of the Atlantic slave trade to justify it.   
  
Also, if you're now amending your initial comment to only describe "the modern concepts of race," instead of just "race," well then you're just creating a tautology. Yes, modern Europeans did create the modern European concept of race. All of your citations are examples of that.  
  
"Europeans invented the concept of race as we know it." Well, sure, but they didn't invent the concept of race entirely. That's literally saying, "European racism that coincides with the Atlantic slave trade comes from the ideas of race that they created at the time of the Atlantic slave trade." Fucking duh.
