I read this and it's so true.  It's so true that I said it last night, here.

I don't know what the subreddit was that was banned.  I never went to it.

But I do want to point out that /r/FragileWhiteRedditor exists and frequently targets people who aren't being remotely racist for the sole reason that the posters are white.

https://www.reddit.com/r/FragileWhiteRedditor/comments/dss0wz/moderators_on_rconservative_muted_me_for_asking/

I mean... here's someone who is just pissed because they got banned from r/conservative.  And the poster is saying, "They deleted all my comments on that thread"...okay, but those comments should show up in the user's post history, yes?  And yet...if you go back in the user's history, they were banned 5 days ago for "civility."  And THEN you see the comments they made on r/conservative including things like, *"All of these trolls now wanna jump on the bandwagon of credibility all while jumping to conclusions, making wild assumptions, and then wanna clap back with “facts” from a Catholic news website about the topic if abortion and expect me to give them respect?*

*They wildin’ out here on this thread!"*

Including saying "they wildin' out"?  WHAT?

And:

*"Not gonna stoop down to your level for you to understand your level of ignorance.*

*There’s no difference between your mouth and your anus - that’s because shit comes out of both."*

And the poster got banned, immediately complained about THAT on fragilewhiteredditor and then made another post complaining that five days later r/conservative FINALLY muted them in modmail?

That's just using a subreddit to ridiculously harass a subreddit and its moderators.

But FWR are LEFTISTS...so it's fine.  Back to the AHS comment featured...

Here's what I said here yesterday:

You know ... I think there are more commies than alt righters.

What's behind the alt righters are the same old crusty KKK people that America has always had a remnant of.

The problem now is that while conservatives REPUDIATE those people, the left is embracing their extremists and calling them heroes.

Antifa are a bunch of violent anti-capitalist revolutionaries, but even some politicians champion them.

The left labels the entire RIGHT as extremists and these putrid dweebs show up at generic conservative events to cause havoc. I'm not talking about Charlottesville. I'm talking about these assholes being at the Republican National Convention or the Trump rally in Chicago. THEY DECIDE that someone's a fascist and they show up to bash people, innocents get caught up in it ... and the left swoons and calls them, "hero!"

And we have "Democratic Socialist" politicans now and the next time anyone tells you that it's reasonable and normal, ask them how they would feel if you said "I'm a Democratic Fascist"? Would that make the end game more palatable?

It's about time for the left to wake up and start policing and punishing their own goddamned violent radicals. MoreTankieChapo should have been banned a long time ago. They regularly call for killing landlords, police, capitalists...OPENLY and reddit ignores it...preferring INSTEAD to play whack a mole with the Nazi communities and even going after The Donald.

Reddits admins are PATHETIC at letting the violent left get away with their bullshit DAILY on this site.

And it's long past time for them to have a come to Jesus moment and realize the role that THEY ARE PLAYING in radicalizing young people on the right by simply not giving a shit about young violent radicals on the left and acting like it's normal and fine for them to use the site and they are WELCOME here because it's a marketplace of ideas. There's no market of ideas saying that police should be killed. And while they punished T_D for that...they literally IGNORE IT EVERYWHERE ELSE.

Because I assume...that the admins think it's just FINE for the left to want to kill cops, maybe because "they are doing it for the right reasons"? I can't even wrap my head around their utterly dangerous and moronic hypocrisy in what they allow here.

It reinforces this madness. And it gives fuel to anger. When subreddits get away with calling to kill their political opposition if they lean ONE way.... but would be swiftly banned if they leaned the other way, it's absolute bullshit and it's DANGEROUS.

You either decide you aren't going to be a home to violent radicals or you decide you are. Reddit's decided, I guess, that some violent radicals are okay, but others aren't.

Seven years on this site and I've watched this happen and get worse and worse and worse. I wish the admins would just come out and say, "We are dedicated to the destruction of America's current government and we favor replacing it with a socialist system" because from here... it sure as hell looks like that's their mission statement.

And while we're at it, let's look at this:

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599

&gt;I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.

They conspired to drop civics, and CREATE an UNAWARE citizenry ... as long as we were compliant.

Let me tell you, watching young people left and right try to argue and understand politics and government...none of them seem to know WHAT the hell they really stand for. And they don't know what the country was built on and for. They don't know how we have worked to right wrongs. They don't know what it means to be conservative or liberal. They seem to be forming camps on the left and right and there's no middle ground.

It's dangerous, it's deliberate...and reddit has a big hand in it.

That's my rant.

-------------------------------------------

It's 100% true and even the LEFT on reddit acknowledges it.
