Yikes I’ve done some pervy stuff, but I kinda wish I didn’t. 

When I was younger, my sister had a friend who had really really cute feet, and always had her toes painted. We were young enough where we could all sleep in the same room and the parents wouldn’t mind (maybe 12-14?), and once they invited me down to watch a movie with them on the couch. Everyone ended up falling asleep except me, and after the movie I noticed her feet were sticking out of the blanket

I had never really seen a girls feet up close before, only by looking at pics and videos online, so I wanted to get closer. I sat at the end of the couch mesmerized by her sole. I gently touched them, and she sort of stirred and stuck her other foot out, and so now both her soles were in my face and I was ecstatic

I spent some time gently touching to see if she’d react but she didn’t, so I began to gently massage them and feel her toes, arch, heels, even her ankles. It was amazing, and they were so soft. I thought about worshipping them but I was really worried about being caught

It took some courage but eventually I decided I was gonna do it. I saw it done in videos and stuff and I wanted to know what it was like. So carefully, I got closer, and gently blew on her sole. No response. I backed up and thought about it a little more, and got closer again, and kissed one of her toes gently. Again nothing. After about 5 min I had kissed those feet everywhere, and I figured she wasn’t gonna wake up, so I gently stuck my tongue out, and slowly ran it up her sole. Still no response

After that, I think I spent at least an hour licking, kissing, and massaging her feet. I was in heaven. I think everywhere from her ankles were covered in saliva. When I’d suck on her toes or run my tongue in between them, she would wiggle them a little bit and I loved it. Ever since that I’ve had a thing for toe wiggling

This was a long time ago, at the time I didn’t understand it. I would never ever do it now obviously since it’s she was asleep and unaware, and I regret it because of that tbh. But that’s my pervy story
