UGGGGH. I dont even know where to start with how stupid and obviously male this is.   


"No cis woman has ever had to go through the absurd gauntlet every trans woman is forced to in order to access medical..."  
\-OH, we havent? we dont? HA. Our basic rights are up for debate, abortion bans were recently struck down, but people like YOU think that women and their experiences are triffles, despite it actually being life or death to have access to these services and other resources. You, on the other hand, can get insurance to cover electrolysis so you can feel better about yourself . Meanwhile, "cis" women cannot get it covered when they want it, even when its the result of a legit medial condition (like PCOS). Women who WANT their tubes tied or to get a hysterectomy, even just to get an IUD, cant do it without the doctor deciding if they have had enough kids yet, maybe some HYPOTHETICAL man in the future might want her to change her mind, she should consider that made up scenario over the real one she is living, she cant be respected to know her own life. But you can cosmetically alter your body, call it essential, and decide for everyone that its more important, more deserved, more needed than basic fucking healthcare that is still very difficult for most women to access.  


 And its getting more difficult, incidentally, now that trans women "need" to take limited spots at gynos to validate their self perception without regard for how pointless and narcissistic that is. And when we DO get access to medical care, for whatever reason, the doctor and nurses are likely to not take our complaints seriously, to assume we are wrong about our own experiences and bodies. Kind of like you are doing now. Its comes from a place of privilege and ignorance about women.  


"If your the only trans gal in the room, you are the only women who can prove it with certified credentials"  


\-lol. We all have birth certificates that show we were born women. Most of us have ID's of some kind. Medical records, ect. Its every cell of our bodies and determines how you are treated on a day to day basis, for better or worse. Your "certified credentials" only "prove" you  were born a man. Thats WHY you had to get a document. And how typical is that, to try and 'pull rank' with women, because you can get a document. If society collapsed today, I would still be a woman. And everyone would be able to tell that I was a woman. We dont have to prove it, or get a document that says anything about it, because its just material reality. How male to think something so silly as a paperwork makes him anything else than what he is. He thinks it makes him an authority over women, that is the message. He knows he isnt one, or he wouldnt have bothered with "proof" to brandish at people who are moored in reality.   


"And TBH, probably the only one who has thought about it. Grasped, grappled and fought with what it means and how important it is..."  


\-This is so next level. Us women, we just flit around, thoughtless, to our own lived experience of relentless misogyny just like this. What that does to you throughout girlhood, and what it means for you in your entire life. The double standards and ways you will be held back. The physical danger to you. Being expected to defer to idiots like this, without any input or discussion.  We are unaware and unquestioning and totally oblivious to how this behavior comes directly and almost completely from penis people. Doesnt matter if you wear a dress, this is so clearly sexist and belittling of women, how clueless and full of yourself do you have to be.
