&gt;I'm sorry if it feels like that. I genuinely don't think of you as stupid. 


Your words say otherwise 


&gt;Plenty of intelligent people are misinformed or ignorant.


That is insulting my intelligence, right there. You instantly assume that I'm misinformed and ignorant because I have a DIFFERENT OPINION than you. 


This is the exact same reasoning that causes christians to become insufferable babble machines as well. You are the same thing, but replace faith and religious dogma, with an opinion and "factual" reasoning 


&gt;I apologize if I come off that way though.


Maybe next time you should focus less on trying to be right, and instead listen to what the other side is saying. I never called you ignorant for housing your belief, yet this is what... the 4th time you've done so? 


Don't use words like misinformed and ignorant, that only makes people become defensive and they stop listening to what you're saying. 


Actually *LISTEN* to what they say. Pretend that they are right for a moment and listen to their logic and beliefs as if they are your own. 


Because currently all you're doing is reading my words and finding loopholes to prove me wrong. It's pretty annoying talking to a brick wall that throws an argument at your feet with every word you say 


I wanted a conversation where two people talk, not a debate to prove who's right and who's wrong. I'm pretty sure there's others who are like me and you probably made them feel shitty too. 


This is the exact reason why Christians hate atheists and why atheists hate Christians. Because both sides refuse to listen to each other and continue on with their own beliefs. There's no respect and they instantly assume that the other side is always wrong. 


People like you only make the problem worse. I suggest you change the way that you're approaching Christians, because right now you'll never change any of their minds. Only make them less trusting in atheists 


I'll accept your apology, but I'm done here. This was just a giant waste of my time. Maybe you'll listen to my advice, maybe you won't. Who knows
