You keep saying that, but without anything to really back it up.

Romans 9 is a good example. First he goes to write about a group of Israelite people, being related by the flesh.  Confirming their racial connection and the promises given to them. He says he wishes he was cut off for his fellow kinsmen.

It makes you wonder, why is i writing the Romans about Israel? Well, he makes it clear through specific references to prophecy. In Romans 9:20 he quotes Isaiah 29:16 with Isaiah 29 talking about Israel that is asleep, cut off for their iniquity, blind, and ignorant. That they would come to see, hear, and learn, and rejoice for the Holy One of Israel.

He then goes on to quote Jeremiah 18:6 in Romans 9:21 with Jeremiah 18 being about the redemption of the house of Israel, so the northern half as it makes a distinction from as it gives instructions to both Israel and Judah.

He then goes on in Romans 9:24 says that Jesus call people people, not just from the Judeans, but ffrom the nations. The word 'Gentile' is not an individual, the Greek word is ἔθνος [ethnos] which is properly translated nations, or nations in this case it's plural here.

...and then he quotes Hosea 2:23 in Romans 9:25.  

**"As also He says in Hosea, I will call those Not My people, My people! And those not beloved, Beloved!" *

and Hosea 1:9 in Romans 9:26, 

*"And it shall be, in the place where it was said to them, You are not My people, there they will be called, "Sons of the Living God."*

The entirety of Hosea 1 and 2 is prophecy against the northern House of Israel which was divorced for their iniquity, cut off, made strangers to the covenant, and their redemption.

Followed with paraphrasing Isa 10:20-23 which is another prophecy of the northern House of Israel being numerous, and redeemed by the Holy One of Israel after their captivity with Assyria.

Romans 9 ends with a quotation of Isaiah 28:16, which is another messiah prophecy, and Isaiah 28 is again about the northern House of Israel, with Isaiah 281:1 starting with the "drunkards of Ephraim", Ephraim often representing all of the northern House of Israel in prophecy.

Romans 9 is about the divorced House of Israel and their redemption through Jesus.





Romans 9 is talking about the House of Israel and their redemption. You should ask yourself why he is writing Romans about the cutoff House of Israel?
