&gt; I didn't say it wasn't an analogy. I said it wasn't a good analogy. Please read what I write before responding.

And I didn't say you said it wasn't an analogy. The point is that the uprighted tree analogy is not an attempt to say "ME is like a tree that has fallen and then uprighted itself", rather, the *feeling* of experiencing ME is like the feeling you would experience at seeing a tree that had been fallen, having uprighted itself.

&gt; The MEs described are only jarring to people who are unable to conceive of the fact that memory is faulty.

I experience ME (and beyond) and I am well aware of the faultiness of my memory. If I didn't keep my keys in my pants-pocket at all times, I would never make it to work on time. In fact, I haven't seen a single individual on this sub who experiences ME and denies that it is possible that they have faulty memory. It's just that ME is a million times beyond the limit where "faulty memory" stops being a reasonable explanation. I will reiterate what I said in the previous post: Either my memory has been edited (e.g. *Dark City*) or the world has been changed (or both). It is conceivable that the conditions of my environment have been constructed in such a way as to create the *illusion* that my memory has been edited or that the world has been changed (or both) when neither of these are the case. What is not possible is that the inconsistency that I can directly perceive between my well-formed, long-running, non-emotive memories and the present observed state of the world has come about by undirected evolution of the universe according to the physical laws as we understand them. For anyone who experiences ME, that possibility can be ruled out with practically 100% certainty, In my case, I can rule it out with certainty (that is, not a rounding error).

&gt; I can understand why it would be jarring if you are so narcissistic and ignorant that you think your memory is faultless and that the world is changing around you.

All I can say is "buckle up, Dorothy"... when Kansas goes bye-bye, you're going to be in a world of hurt. I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy. It is narcissistic and arrogant to think that your understanding of the nature of memory and physical law is perfect and beyond the possibility of revision. I'm not telling you my opinion, I'm simply relaying to you what I experience, take it or leave it.

&gt; I totally get that... but unfortunately, that's a personal failing of TruBelievers, and thus the comparison to a fallen tree is a piss poor analogy.

In your opinion.
 
&gt; You can put it as simply as you want, but the likelihood is that you are just plain wrong. The fact that you can't entertain the idea that your memory is faulty

But my memory *is* faulty. I forget things all the time. That's just it... I have so much experience with faulty memory that I well understand the distinction between ordinary memory failures and *inconsistency* between memories and the present state of the world. Memory is not perfectly reliable (sometimes, it's very unreliable) but it's not completely unreliable, either.

&gt; as the most likely explanation is proof that you are not equipped mentally to make any sort of rational statement as to what an ME is.

Well, I understand from your posts that you do not experience inconsistencies in your memories and the present state of the world. I hope you never do. It's awful beyond words. But you are also cocksure that everyone else's experience of the world must be just like yours. In this, you are certainly mistaken. I'll put it as simply as possible: *I am not from this place*. I came from some other place that, superficially, looks a lot like this place. In reality, however, it is a completely different world, it's not even close, it's night and day different.

All the best...
