&gt;This is a link between government censorship and tyranny, not content warnings and tyranny. A content warning leaves the content untouched. It's just a warning. There's no link to authoritarianism

It might be anecdotal but I do think there is a link between the psychology of someone who wants trigger warnings and authoritarianism. I have a cousin who wants to outlaw prostitution, drugs, and all porn, who is in favor of trigger warnings. She also freaks out about the possibility of men ever objectifying her by looking at her, (but ironically she's ugly and has no fashion sense, and is prudish, so she doesn't have to worry about getting attention. I guess therefore she thinks no one else should, if the lady isn't protesting too much.) She's Catholic and was homeschooled her entire life, and I think that she's going to make herself miserable by living with these attitudes. It traps people in a box with a lot of rules.

&gt;I've said over, and over, and over, that I'm not in favor of a contextless ban. Seriously, re-read my earlier comments if you have to. You're strawmanning here.

&gt;And yet you continue to use it despite a trans woman specifically telling you that it makes her uncomfortable. I mean, really, why was it necessary to say it in that sentence? You would be just as well served by a phrase by "transphobic slurs" or "the t-word" or "t*******" or whatever.

And yet you're contradicting yourself in these two parts by ignoring the context right here. I have never doubted the word offends people in regular use like if we just used it to talk about trans, or called people it on the street, and agree that it's used as a slur at present. I still think saying, "You can't use that word right now unless you get a medical appointment or transition, and yet I can," is wrongheaded. 

And if we are going to talk about the context of the n-word....you're talking about slavery on the basis of race. The degree of magnitude between the trans and black Americans is much worse, and it's odd to pretend they're actually equally loaded terms. I think "tranny" ( or "t-word") is more like the slur of calling a Japanese person "Jap," than of saying someone is always a subhuman and was only fit to do physical labor until death under indentured servitude. Slavery was never something trans had to endure by law. 

I have never heard anyone euphemistically say, "the J-word" when talking about ethnic slurs, which makes more sense because Japanese were never enslaved, or "the I word" for I dians/native americans, because we give blacks an exception due to history. I would guess there are similar exception-based euphemisms for certain Jewish slurs in Germany because of the holocaust. But no one had to fight a war to free trans from anything, or to prevent a genocide. I don't see any way to bridge the gap and say the argument is equally strong fo euphemism the "n word" and "t word."

&gt;so many people are still so incredibly hateful and ignorant that your casual transphobia

Name something transphobic I have said? And no, talking about the word "tranny" without using a euphemism when discussing linguistics doesn't suffice. (Unless you can somehow demonstrate the discrimination trans face has been on par with the use ofanother word in relation to slavery and a century of Jim Crow.) I wouldn't be opposed to marrying someone trans under the right circumstances, although it's not my biggest preference and I'd fear having to foot the medical costs.

According to dictionary.com tranny was first recorded in 1975–80; by shortening and alteration. It's a new word which is younger than gay slurs that were abusively used for much longer that were then reclaimed. You're effectively trying to outlaw people from ever uttering a new word, and it strikes me as wrong and even vindicative. You're just more likely to make Peterson's exaggerations about political correctness and compulsory pronouns sound grounded in fact, not imagination.
