As much as you believe that Trump is a "failed" businessman and that Hillary was somehow a great candidate, we believe that Hillary is legitimately a corrupt criminal who has gotten away with crimes that neither you or I as regular citizens would have gotten away with (If we decided to *not* immediately hand over specifically requested email evidence, and instead deleted and bit-bleached over 30k emails before handing over what was left, and being caught by the FBI doing so, there is no way the Director of the FBI would then testify and on-the-fly alter the rule of law in such a way as to let me off Scot free).

Her involvement in Healthcare in the 90's is the reason Republicans were able to secure a majority in Congress for the first time in seemingly ages. She didn't do *anything* as a Congresswoman besides vote in favor of the post-9/11 invasions only to then criticize Bush and Republicans for those exact invasions that she voted for. She is so stupid and ignorant that she acts like video recording isn't a thing, and so she keeps putting on fake accents and speaking in certain slang depending in if she is in front of coastal liberals or deep south racist old-school Democrats, or in a church full of Black Baptists. Her ineptitude as Secretary of State not only caused the death of an American Ambassador and his staff of American citizens, but she then fueled an outright Alex Jones level conspiracy in order to try and take the blame away from herself by testifying under oath that it was caused by a spontaneous uprising from an unrelated video. 

Finally, you falling back on the (disproven) idea that everyone who doesnt agree with you must be ignorant and uneducated just shows that it is *you* who is the fool. I did my due diligence of research on Hillary and on Trump in 2016 before casting my vote. Hell, by pure happenstance, I actually had to go through and analyze Trunps entire life as part of a project in highschool just a few years before that back in 2010, so I alreqdy had enough information on the man to laugh at claims like he was a "failed" buisnessman. Some of his ventures didnt work out. Yet his businesses are so damn good that when new ventures like "Trump Steaks" dont work, he doesnt go broke, he just dumps it after awhile. His networth, factoring in inflation and the changing in buying power of the USD, has grown almost nonstop since he first took over the Trump business. As of 2016, his very first day as a businessman was the least amount of money he has ever been worth. I.e., hes always made more money than any losses or investment could be worth. That is the basic definition of a *successful* businessman, but leave it to the person who is probably drowning in debt and who has never owned or operated a business to have no idea what that would be. As for Hillary, she was as irrelevant as anyone else in the world until she married a man and took the name Clinton, and has rode that name as far as it could take her, which is currently running around the world with a knock-off resolute desk pretending to be POTUS.

You're "educated" selfs had Hillary at 95%, and even at 100% in some opinions, on the day of the 2016 election. Obama mocked Trump multiple times about how he would never be POTUS. The entire journalistic class said he will never be POTUS. University professors, professional poll takers, data analysts, former members of White House administration, former higher-ups in the "deep state", EVERYONE said with a laugh and woth the utmost confidence "Donald Trump has no chance to be the POTUS". He won the 2016 election. Then those SAME EXACT PEOPLE started pushing the biggest conspiracy in the world, that he only won because he was a stooge for Putin and Russia "hacked" the election in his favor. 3 years of nonstop investigation and millions of taxpayer dollars spent, and nothing was proved. The AG even put out the full summary of evidence unredacted, only for you people to then pish that now the AG (previously noted as objective and not a partisan) was also just a stooge and a liar and obviously twisting facts in Trumps favor, so lets get Robert himself to testify...only for him to in fact state that the summary was factually accurate and even included his own opinions in it even though they didnt have to be included. Now your party has moved to "UkraineGate" nonsense so hard, and yet know they will fail so badly, that party leaders are openly saying they will not respect the results of the 2020 election if Trump is still in office. Even though at the outset, they kept noting that impeachment should be bipartisan, all they have is the only impeachment in HISTORY where not only did not a single opposing or neutral party member *not* vote in favor to push it forward, but where in addition members of their *own* party voted *against* it. Its all a mess because you *idiots* keep trying to make something out of nothing because you are failures and cannot accept that you are not in power.

Sorry you are a failure and cried on Trumps election. Maybe find a better field of candidates that aren't absolute morons tripping over themselves every 5 minutes for the 2024 election, because people like you are the reason you're getting 8 years on the Trump train.
