Well according to your logic you cannot bring up any other game because I didn't mention them. You see how foolish and ignorant that sounds? I didn't shoot down your preferences because "I didn't mention them." That was a piss poor rebuttal and you know it. 

And secondly to follow up, Activision isn't making CoD games specifically for you so why does it even matter what *you* wanted. If you bought it they got their money. If you didn't then whatever they got microtransactions that can make up for the small $60 you didn't give them. Just because one dude on reddit said "I wanted a more *arcade* CoD" doesn't mean they're gonna halt production on this for **Call of Duty Modern Warfare specifically made for reddit user SSJ4Vyhl.**

I do know this. Siege has changed immensely, yet started off as a "this is a tactical realism game." Players demand realism all the time, but then when they get realism they complain. So developers have to dial back and "fix" these "issues" that players demanded while simultaneously having the same gamers breath down their neck about "why aren't you personally responding to my reddit post about a bug I found???" 

Players here have this weird idea that bug fixes, graphics, etc can all be easily changed with a click of one button. The devs are people too and their hard at work fixing stuff that players didn't complain about in the beta but are now. Lmao players were sending death threats to the devs and you expect them to put on a happy face and reply to reddit posts all day while fixing bugs too? *Nothing satisfies you people.*

You say they're not fun but I enjoy the night maps and according to you I must make my personal opinion law in this rebuttal because no one else is replying to me but you so sorry not sorry. In seriousness it's simply trying something new. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean others don't. I find people playing that mode all the time, yet I struggle to find FFA and gun game matches. Clearly it's because Gun Game is the best and NVG is the worst. 

Oh no you actually refuted my rebuttal with sources material instead of "no ur wrong cause my personal opinion." Congratulations on that. But riddle me this, if it's noob friendly then why are we sitting here arguing about realism and visibility issues? *If it's honestly catering to noobs, removing realism aspects would make it noob friendly.* Noobs want an easier game, yet Realism makes it more difficult? Hmmm something isn't adding up. But that's just me thinking to myself. I would expect a game like fortnite to be noob friendly and catering to them.
