I happened gradually when celebrities started to accept Howard he started to no longer treat them as the pretentions, arrogant pompous hypocrites, that he always said they were.

Basically Howard was never one of the cool kids but once the cool (in their own mind) started letting him sit at the cool table and attend their cool parties Howard he became one of them.

The last straw for me and the reason I canceled my subscription was his interview with Sarah Silverman where they talked about how clean their assholes were, how orange man bad, and how the rapist Louie C.K. was a man of integrity and a hero comedian.

I'm not a Trump fan, I'm an Independent, but even I could not handle the blatant hypocrisy and leftist rhetoric.

Howard brought up how comedy has changed due to today's sensitivities and naturally Sarah implied it was because of people like Trump and his supporters and not the leftists who actually created the career and business destroying cancel culture. 

Ok, that's no big deal, I expected them to say stuff like that, after all, no one expects shock jocks or comedians to be smart. 

So they go on and Sarah said that it's horrible what happened to Louie C.K. considering what "the asshole in the WH did." 

(side note: Trump has only ever been guilty of locker room talk, not a single woman accused him of "grabbing their pussy," and other than that we now know that the Clinton campaign and Soros paid women to accuse Trump of sexual assault during the 2016 election.) [https://uncensored.co.nz/2018/01/02/ny-times-clinton-soros-paid-women-accuse-trump-misconduct/](https://uncensored.co.nz/2018/01/02/ny-times-clinton-soros-paid-women-accuse-trump-misconduct/) 

That aside, and getting back on track, it's ridiculous and ignorant that a conversation and situation of Louie C.K. that has nothing to do with Trump suddenly somehow makes Trump responsible for Louie's sexual assault and the left-wing cancel culture movement. 

Keep in mind that during this tirade they were talking about how clean their assholes were and their regime used to clean them.

Then as if Bashing Trump for Louie C.K.'s rape of a woman and praising Louie as if he's an incredible human being who's life is ruined while Trump dares to thrive, Sarah brings up how Louie C.K. used to ask her to let him masturbate in front of her. Which she let him do it a few times.

That's right, these two idiots were talking about how clean their assholes were, mad that Trump's fake accusers did not ruin his career, defended the rapist Louie C.K. while Sarah tells of his masturbating in front of her while he was her boss and Howard was treating her as if it was perfectly rational. BUT, Orange Man bad. Both totally unaware of how ridiculous they sounded. I canceled my subscription after that.
