&gt;Zero positives that outweigh the affront to justice and negative impacts on community and individual. The fact that you're trying to defend your own torpor is on you, but it makes you a scumbag and morally complicit in the injustices others have been forced to experience. You suck.

There are positives. Justice is another naive concept you keep trying to push, it isn't reality for the majority of people. I'm defending the mentality these people grow up with, no it doesn't make me a scumbag it makes me sympathetic.

&gt;Neither of those are true, not in an aggregate. If it were, then the chances of escaping those circumstances would be close to nil. They aren't. Basic data on this subject is clear.

They are literally all true. Poorer quality of schooling, higher health risks, and lower job prospects are things that affect people in poverty. That is just a fact.

&gt;Absolutely wrong. The mere notion you're suggesting is wildly offensive and ignorant. That people will become violent due to having fewer pieces of greenish paper.

Another delusional naive comment. Every reply you've given makes me believe you lied when you said you grew up poor and you work with criminals. Ask the criminals you "work" with how poverty affected them. Once again having "fewer green pieces of paper" dictates where you live, how you live, what school you go to, what you eat, literally every aspect of your life. You're an idiot for trying to even argue this.

&gt;You calling the cops to prevent victims is worth it. You're a fucking fool and a coward to think otherwise. There is no other side to this coin.

Police are not super heroes. Literally. Grow up. The amount of naivety is shocking at this point.

&gt;Calling it "busting cheeks" is following their footsteps? How much idiocy can you possibly pack in a single comment. I wonder.

You called prison rape "busting cheeks", when called out on it, you said you're copying the people in prison who call it that. You are following them despite calling the mentality they have profoundly stupid and corrosive. You've been bullshitting from your first reply and the fact you actually sat there and continued to type out bullshit is crazy. Get some perspective seriously.
