Okay, slow down for just a second.

1: my advice for abrasions is to find out what exact things cause these issues. Write them down. Once you can see them in front of you you can get a good idea of what's related and what sensory system is responsible for that. Congrats! You've just made yourself a sensory profile! This is the first step to making your life a little easier as you can now come up with ways to cope with this pqhe stressors.

2: drama is always avoidable. Often at times it's better for your health if you can avoid it. You should avoid things that you know you can't control. If you feel you have the power to change something, change it. No drama needed. Just change it.

3: will you get cancer? Well that depends. The best thing you can do is eat a healthy diet, exercise, avoid smoking, etc. If you get cancer even after all of that, you were probably genetically predisposed to it. But in saying that, you should see that as a great motivator to just do whatever the hell it is you want to do, without fear. The truth is that we all die of one of three key things. Organ failure, cancer, or alzheimer's. In fact, you could technically die tomorrow. A plane could crash into your house. China could drop a nuke on your city. But that's not an excuse to be fearful. In fact, the best way to think about being faced with one's own death is to live with absolute freedom. You know you're gonna die, so fuck it! Have some fun!

4: when it comes to hobbies, instead of focusing on really specific things, find about actions you like to do. Not necessarily the hobbies themselves, but the sensations. I personally like the sensation of movement, so a lot of what I do actually revolves around that sensation. I cycle, I love cars and I want to be a pilot. I love to move! Find out what sensations you like and you'll find an array of sources that allow you to feel those sensations. You love the visceral release of emotions? Perhaps something like Martial Arts, or maybe writing poetry or painting will be interesting. What about the feeling of peace and serenity? Meditation, fishing, kayaking, and Yoga all give you these feelings. What about a desire to make noise? Music, dance and even motor racing all fill those niches. It's best to see what feelings you like, as you can always get better at the thing whilst you still get an enjoyment from that feeling.

5: philosophy is a pretty tough game. For one I've come to the realisation that I'm an optimistic Nihilist. There isn't a point to life other than its fundamental biology, to make babies and die. This truth is fundamental. Right now, you're thinking like a Doomer, in response to this information you've seen that there's no point or purpose to existence. Schopenhauer's the classic philosophical doomer. He says that life is endless suffering, and there's two ways out of it. Either through the absence and abolition of desire, or through the consumption and creation of art. I used to be a Doomer, but I'm now a Bloomer. A person who knows that yeah, life is pointless, but at the Same time, if there's no point, then there's no need to worry about looking for a point. Just enjoy it for the experiences. The pain, the pleasure, and every aspect in between.

6: you wanna know something really satisfying? Alot of those things you've mentioned in your itemised list, are either fixable in your own world, or avoidable. Others are being ignorant? Take solace in the fact that you notice things, and weaponise that realisation. Take Greta Thunberg for example. She saw that so many people are unaware and ignorant of climate change, so she took a stand. Or rather, a sit. And others soon followed. Destruction? Well you can at least stop destruction in your own world by taking the points made destructive thinking and using that as a roadmap to de-escalate them. No friends? That's fine. You've got 66k friends here, and at least a few of them have been where you've been.  Fearful thoughts? You can either let the fear consume you, or you can take those fears in stride, and use them to change your life. I'm afraid of dying of cancer, I'm afraid of being on the operating table. So I'm going to do all I can to not be on that fucking operating table. I'm going to go our, get healthy, and live the everloving fuck out of my life.

7: you're not dead yet mate. See this moment as the bottom of how low you can go. You can only go up from here. That way you know that any step you take, whether it's big or small, is a positive one. It's going to make your life better and easier. Autism isn't nessecarily a curse, but it may feel like one. It will take a lot of fighting and a lot of self-reflection to find where you can improve and where you need to change, but eventually you will be able to succeed with enough hard work. Consider that two years ago, I was in the same boat as you. With the help of a doctor and a therapist, as well as my own desire to not be so gosh darn sad all the time, I got to where I am today. Fully employed, in a healthy relationship, and with a tight circle of friends who I would go to the ends of the earth for. 

The only way is up, mate.
