&gt;1) Except that the Spring and Autumn Annals explicitly argue otherwise. 

Prove it. The Annals is readily available on google. If you are saying the Annals agree with you, show it. 

&gt;I have literally seen no sources other than your assertions that claim that Qi was a legalist state. 

Heh.

Are you saying you don't know Guan Chong is a legalist? 

So, if you actually read about Legalism, then you would know Han Fei said '今境内之民皆言治，藏商、管之法者家有之' 
”In today's border people all said to govern by rule, there are men that hold on to the writings of Shang and Guan's school of legalism."

Guan is Guan Chong. 

Let's see, he said 
法者，所以兴功惧暴也；Law, it's purpose is to support the promotion of meritocracy (paraphrase, it's difficult to translate) and prevent violence (tyranny) 

律者，所以定分止争也；Statue, it's purpose is to stop argument (in the sense that once you said a is a, there will be no argument that a is b)


令者，所以令人知事也。Decrees, so that people know matters. 

That sounds like the definition of Legalism. 

Let's to focus further, 定分止争 is used by Shang Yang.

He wrote 一兔走，百人逐之，非以兔可分以为百也，由名分之未定也。夫卖兔者满市，而盗不敢取，由名分已定也
When there is a rabbit that ran, hundreds chase after it, it is not that a rabbit can be divided by hundreds, but rather there are no determination on who owns the rabbit. There are people who sells rabbits in the market, but you don't take these rabbits because that would be stealing, because it is already settled. 

Again, Guan Chong is very much a legalist. 

&gt;The sources I read stated that Qi was a state that was 'stern and rigid, yet it was rife with disorder.' 

Yah, and? You said who else was a legalist state. Qi was. Was it a successful legalist state like Qin? Probably not. 

&gt;Standard boilerplate 'last bad emperor' rhetoric applied in the imperial era to the rivals of whichever dynasty built the centralized state, but that's fitting given Qi was Qin's arch-enemy.

I don't know who taught you Chinese history. But Chu was Qin's arch-enemy. 

&gt;2) The Han lasted 400, the Tang 300, the Ming around 400, the Qing around 350. Each of the great imperial dynasties lasted longer than the Western Zhou, and the bulk of the dynasty's history is the nominal power to no power at all of the Eastern Zhou.

None of that MATTERED in terms of NOMINAL LEGITIMACY. And btw, are you suggesting W. Zhou had only nominal power? 

&gt;3) Mohism literally wanted a meritocracy, **which Legalism fundamentally rejected**.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAa


Oh my jellies. Oh man. Oh MAN. 

OH MAN. 


&gt;What I've read of its claims does not validate your claims. And now you're going to call me an idiot and throw a histronic temper tantrum like a child and wonder why I'm not impressed by a little baby whose infantile feces-throwing is expected to convince anyone over the age of 15 of anything at all.

Nope. I actually sourced my claim from multiple sources. 

Your failure to comprehend a state can exists at the same time as the state has no power is on you.

And I mean, look, I get you don't like people making fun of you, and I tried not to, but have you seen your own argument?

You just made the claim that LEGALISM is against meritocracy. I don't even know what to say. Like. I mean I am beyond speechless. I am rambling. That's how stupid and ignorant that argument is.
