You do understand there are such thing as competing rights? A nation has a right to keep itself whole. While a people also have a right towards self governance. 


The idea that the people taking an armed stand against government is “stupid” “because you’ll die” is so ahistorical and ignorant that I hesitate to respond with effort, but I’ll try. I suppose the revolutionary war never should have happened by your logic. Or the French Revolution. Try to tell that to the viet cong as well. Tell all those HK protesters to stop their movement because ppl have died. We’re not speaking on individual terms. Individuals may die but true liberty won’t if it is fought for and won.


*“The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.” - Thomas Jefferson*


Also, the idea that it is futile is also a lazy argument often brought up by people ignorant of warfare and insurgency: “The government has nukes” 


These arguments hardly consider the multi variable issues and realities. Governments can’t simply “nuke” their own territories as it would lead to international uproar, and leave itself without land or people to govern in the first place. Government forces will inevitably be split with factions, pro government and pro people faction. It would essentially be civil war with equal heavy equipment and jets ect on both sides. Insurgency tactics of civilians has proven brutality effective. Combine that with a population of 300 highly educated chemist engineers ect, and you have IEDs that would make the ones in Iraq blush. No matter which way you slice it, humans control territory not jets. If a government force wants to control and govern a territory there is no way other than boots and governmental institutions into said territory. But at the end of the day, the price of blood is far too high with a heavily armed populace for any sane government to ever institute majorly unpopular stances which could cause such a hideous war. It is the concept of MAD which has proven effective during the Cold War. mutually assured destruction.
