Ah yes, giving children scholarships = terrorism and my family ded. Oh muh grd. Tf is wrong with u, fella? 

Do u really believe kids qualifying for the scholarships are going to come and blow up my family. Lol .. don’t you think your bigotry is clouding ur judgement a tad bit. 

&gt; They are not Pakistanis. They have their own country. Pakistan is not responsible for them. It's better is 1,000 Pakistani children benefit than 1,000 Afghan children. We have 22 million children out of school. Stop robbing Pakistani children of their future by financing the children of your enemies.

No no no sir ji, don’t stand on the shoulders of unfortunate Pakistanis to justify your bigotry. It’s not a good look. Be a man and own up to your bigotry. But since you won’t, I’ll drop some wisdom here I hopes that you and others like you may be educated. It’s a staple practice for nations to further it’s influence using various methods. US is an example of how a nation successfully creates pro self sentiments in a society’s influencers. Not only do they use aid, and NGOs to further their ideology and influence, they also dish out scholarships and training. You should know about many of our liberals who come back from US after having taken advantage of such scholarships and they toot the horn of US and their ideology. They even see training our cadets who go on to become generals and other high level officers in our armed forces as a strategic move that strengthens their foreign policy. This is what we intend to do with Afghans, a nation that is hostile to us. Last time we gained influence there by supporting the winning faction from their civil war. We will never see Afghanistan as a separate country who should do as it intends. It would be terrible for us, were we to let India’s influence in Afghanistan go unchecked, so we too will make attempts to grow our influence. These 1000 kids will live in Pakistan, learn our language and our ways, some of them will stay here, others will move back. From those that move back and become professionals and industry leaders we want them to have a favorable view of Pakistan. Some of them will be business owners, some journalists and other policy makers. If our agencies are worth their salt, some of them will even be on our Agencies’ payroll. 

For our own, we have scholarship schemes, we are attempting to increase enrollment at all levels of schooling. We are building schools. No sir, we haven’t forgotten our own. But it’s dumb to think that we remain living in our own bubble, unaware and unconcerned of the neighborhood we live in. This is how nations grow their standing. As our economy grows, you better believe we will start sending aid to Afghanistan. We will have a stake in rebuilding Afghanistan. This is how you grow as a nation. Your idea is to become a Bhutan in this region and always remain at the mercy of influence from others, instead of building our own soft power and influence.
