&gt; If I were working on it, i would propose computer self paced, project based learning for each school. The whole system is wrong. Needs to be updated for 21st century. Maybe this is where private schools do well. 

The method of delivery doesn't make much of a difference if the subject matter is wrong.  I'm arguing that the issue here is the subject matter is wrong and/or focused on teaching the wrong lessons.

If your focus in all subjects is on indoctrination in changing attitudes toward sexual preference and teaching social and racial justice, and then teaching reading, writing, math, science, history and government only as an afterthought or as a component of the indoctrination, student ability in reading, writing, math, science, history and government is never going to improve much.  Further, when you deprive students of the basic facts and discourage critical thinking, and instead teach reliance on "thought leaders" to tell students what they should think about things, they never learn the skills necessary to solve problems on their own.

...which is intentional.  

&gt; [And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry.  The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly.  This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599) - Leaked email to John Podesta (Hillary's 2016 campaign manager), from Bill Ivey (Clinton appointee to the chairmanship of the National Endowment for the Arts), March 2016

This makes it clear that the dumbing down of the American public is no accident.

&gt; Making money is important up to the point that the money can buy resources. Which is important for the world to work. 

The education establishment in the US has been nearly completely controlled by the left for the better part of a century.  The left has positioned itself as the party government control and the party of handouts (financed by the productive).  Prosperous, content, informed citizens don't need or want handouts, they want government to leave them alone and to keep its hands out of their pockets.  Ergo, producing such citizens is not in the interest of the left, if it wants to maintain political power.

&gt; Also for the world to work, the environment must be protected. Not being educated means not understanding the science of climate change and voting in leaders who harm the environment more. 

The left doesn't want people understanding "the science of climate change".  If more people did, the left would lose their hold on them.

They want people worshiping at the altar of climate change hysteria, which is an entirely different thing.

&gt; This would be my biggest argument for education is that while it does not take big education to make big money, it requires big education to solve big problems. I don’t think you’re arguing against education necessarily. 

A young relative of mine I saw over the holidays recently entered the 9th grade.  Her grades in school are excellent, largely due to the dedication of her immediate family in educating her beyond what the school offers.  We talked a bit about how the American education establishment has dumbed down education, and I had her take part of this test, to demonstrate how much:

[1912 Eighth Grade Examination for Bullitt County Schools](https://www.bullittcountyhistory.com/bchistory/schoolexam1912.html)

She failed miserably, of course - as would virtually every high school graduate in the modern age, and the vast majority of college graduates.

The test above was given in an age where a high-school education was not a certainty, and was offered only to exceptional students - but the level of knowledge expected of students graduating the 8th grade was far beyond what we expect in the present.  ...and it was under the pencils of the people of the generation who took that 1912 test that the American space program was born - as was most of what made the US into the greatest nation in the world.

That was long before "big education" came along and ruined things.
