There's a couple of things you can do. The obvious,  easy answer is crank up the levels, but that just encourages more grinding, so unless you're planning to implement a hard level cap and raise it every so often, it doesn't address the root problem. Still though, if you feel your game is too easy, you should probably do this a little bit regardless. Just keep in mind as levels get high, the difference between levels gets much smaller, i.e. fighting a level 10 with a level 5 is much harder than fighting a level 60 with a level 55. That's just how the math works out. 

The first thing you actually should do is crank up the trainer AI difficulty in your trainer types file. I think 255 is the maximum value. This ensures the AI is picking the right moves for the situation. You don't want the player running through the electric gym with water pokemon because the AI is too dumb to use thunderbolt instead of quick attack. 

There's a script floating around somewhere that lets you specify the EVs of trainer pokemon. By default Essentials gives trainer Pokemon (3/2 * Level) EVs in every stat. Crank them up, even past the 510 cap if necessary. 
 
Another idea to play around with is to restrict help from items. Don't give the player access to powerful healing items like revives and full restores, keep it to hyper potions and full heals. Don't give them access to X-items cause stat boosting is broken outside of competitive. If you really want to be cruel you can give opponents access to healing items the player can't get. 

Restrict player access to stat boosting moves. Moves like swords dance, dragon dance, calm mind, and bulk up are insanely strong and if the player gets one or two off in a battle they could sweep the opponent no problem. There's a few ways to actually restrict them including not including their TMs, removing them from Pokemon's learnpool, and making opponent Pokemon so strong you really don't have time to boost before getting KO'd. You kind of have to do this on a move by move basis and play test how broken each move actually is and how you want to address it. 

Finally, give the opponent strong pokemon that work well together. Give them high accuracy high power moves like thunderbolt and ice beam. Give them egg moves and move tutor moves that provide coverage. Give them hidden abilities. Give the Manectric overheat and HP ice. Give the Clefable unaware and cosmic power. Give the poison guy's lead pokemon toxic spikes and the rest of the team venoshock. Stuff like that.
