&gt; According to India, but since the territory's fate can't be decided unilaterally that decision that Indian has taken means nothing on an international level. To the world that "Union Territory" is still a disputed territory.

AKA according to the country whose territory that is. 

And no, it's referred to as the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir on the international level now and not the "State of J&amp;K". 

There's nothing disputed about it other than Pakistan still refuses to carry out the UN Resolution. 

&gt; Oh my mistake, though I don't remember implying that the supreme court was forced just that they voluntarily did something that has long been a goal of the BJP.

Oh, so you've got no proof for your statement? So you'll have no problem in retracting your misinformation on an academic forum. Good!

&gt;  Just like the Indian Supreme Court, I wouldn't count the ASI as reliable, here's that whole temple under the mosque narrative debunked by archeologist Supriya Varma who says that there was in fact older mosques underneath. This article points out the shortcomings of the ASI in carrying out a proper, accurate and truthful observation.

Jesus H Christ.

So ill-informed and ignorant that I'm cringing. You do realise her "findings" were completely dismissed due to how amateur and incompetent they were?

&gt; Supriya Verma an, “expert” who challenged the excavations done by the ASI, had not read the radar survey report on ground penetration that led to the court order for excavation. Verma and Jaya Menon, another “expert,” were not present at the time of actual excavations but alleged that pillar bases at the excavated sites were planted. 

https://www.firstpost.com/india/babri-demolition-how-hc-verdict-discredited-eminent-historians-547549.html

This is also the same Supriya Verma who believed it to be a Buddhist/Jain temple underneath there. 

&gt;  Dr.Supriya Verma has admitted that she is totally unaware of theGPR report and has not even gone through it

Same one who wasn't even aware of the ground reports. 

&gt;  Are you saying that he wasn't involved? Why was his right-hand man handing out swords to kill Muslims with?

You've got to give me evidence. You're answering my questions with questions. This is gormlessness now. 

&gt; Why did a senior police officer Sanjiv Bhatt who was in the Gujarat Intelligence Bureau say that Modi deliberately allowed anti-Muslim riots in the state?

Same Sanjiv Bhatt whose testimony was found to be unreliable, full of holes and thus thrown out by the Supreme Court of India?

Same Sanjiv Bhatt who had NUMEROUS torture cases against him prior to 2002?  

Same Sanjiv Bhatt that is in jail for a murder case? 

Same Sanjiv Bhatt that was corrupt and was used for political bargaining?

&gt; Today, the court said, "He had exchanged e-mails with rival political party leaders and was being tutored by the lawyer of NGO and its activist... The petitioner has even sent e-mails to influence the judicial proceedings of a 3-Judge Bench of this court and has tried to influence the amicus curiae."

&gt; The court said Mr Bhatt's allegation that the Special Investigating Team appointed to probe the 2002 Gujarat riots cases had been leaking sensitive and confidential details, was totally "false and baseless".

https://www.ndtv.com/india-news/supreme-court-rejects-plea-of-sacked-ips-officer-sanjiv-bhatt-for-sit-probe-1231531

Again, you've got no idea what you're talking about and this is all very cringeworthy and ignorant as well as misinformed. 

&gt;   The same supreme court that gave the verdict to build a Hindu temple on the ruins of a mosque? You might not know this but the people's court of Bavaria gave Hitler a very lenient sentence for high treason and let him out early as well. From the picture, I'm getting of the Indian supreme court, its worse. I was giving you the benefit of the doubt beforehand but it turns out you're just a BJP shill. Disappointing. This is an academic forum, and it's not for you BJP shills to spread misinformation on get out of here.

Yikes! You don't know what you're talking about. You've cited two unreliable sources, one, a corrupt policeman responsible for death of men in his custody and two, a set of archaeologists who weren't even there throughout the majority of the excavation and so amateurish they didn't even know about the report in full thus BOTH sources being thrown out and being deemed not credible.

You've gotta do better than this misinformation. Cringeworthy. 

I was giving you the benefit of the doubt beforehand but it turns out you're just a ISPR shill. Disappointing. This is an academic forum, and it's not for you ISPR shills to spread misinformation on. Get out of here.
