Obligatory transmed.

In order:

Tucutes: I have no problem with them existing as a separate movement; in fact, I am an endorsee of the movement by some (such as Buck Angel) allowing them to use the word "transgender" if we can use the word "transsexual" to advocate for ourselves.  Unfortunately, we're not apparently allowed to even identify *ourselves* out of the movement, as anyone who uses the word "transsexual" gets called truscum (if trans) or a T-RF/some other insult (if not trans) because the word is supposedly a 'slur.'  Honestly, I would have zero issue with them *with regards to trans people* if they didn't abuse our medical label for their own ends, then outright attempt to demedicalize our disorder.

With regards to *women*, I have significantly more issues, since they're the movement pushing for "uterus havers," etc. out of deference to trans men, despite actual trans men largely wanting nothing to do with these terms due to dysphoria.  But when you don't have dysphoria...etc.  Also, obviously this includes issues where their belief system directly encroaches on women's rights like athletics ("if anyone can identify into any gender, why can't anyone identifying as a woman be in women's athletics" and "there's no real difference between male and female bodies"), safe spaces ("anyone who identifies as a woman should be able to use women's spaces"), issues related to legal sex ("your legal ID should reflect your identified gender"), etc.

So overall I'm heavily opposed to tucutes, but I wouldn't really care if their entire social movement was just a social movement, without legal implications for transsexuals and \[especially\] women.

&amp;#x200B;

GC: Depends on the GC user, honestly.  I get along great with GC women who believe hardline "no males in female spaces" if they don't do horrendous stuff.  Unfortunately, I find most hardline GC women do at least *one* objectively terrible thing.  I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say that you'll probably find at least a quarter of common GC subredditers saying untrue things about neovaginas (and neophalli, though far rarer) if you search through their post history.  Some statements of which are so ridiculous and ignorant that they're literally on the level of a man asking why "women can't hold their periods in."  That doesn't mean they're doing it maliciously,  of course, but it's still annoyingly common.  And most \[although not all\] are completely unwilling to change their unfounded beliefs about post-operative genitalia, even when confronted with (whether scientific or anecdotal) evidence that it's completely untrue, meaning I rarely even bother to challenge anymore, because there's no point if people are going to say bigoted statements about your body whether or not they're false.

Another major issue is the infantilization of or outright aggression toward any biologically female individual who doesn't agree with the GC belief system.  This includes both natal women ("handmaidens," "HOPs," or "deluded," or "we just need to plant the seed" for libfems, forcible language policing of *any* woman \[even GC women\] who uses preferred pronouns, etc.) and trans men ("they're all such misguided girls" \[even if adults\], "I don't care if you betray our sex," etc).

Then there's the rampant usage of slurs, from "T-M/T-F/trans-identified" on the main subreddit to far, far worse on popular YouTube channels of young GC women ("tr--n," "tr-nny," etc).  Not to mention the Blanchardianism which has infected the GC subreddit/YouTubers so intensely that it's hard to argue it's not a *majority* belief system among the demographic, despite it being an outright endorsement of AGP male oppression of trans women.  Sometimes, it will even be outright calling all trans women "fetishists," etc.  I am very careful, whenever I say this, to make it clear that this doesn't apply to people who separate us and warn about AGP men taking advantage of our legal exemptions.  However, I firmly believe most hardline GC women actually think fetishistic men are trans women from how they talk in GC.

So yeah, if a woman cares about radfem issues, supports women above all else, etc. and that means she opposes all trans exemptions, that's great and we get along.  In fact, I think virtually every major GC public figure (Dr. Holly Lawford-Smith, Dr. Kathleen Stock, Dr. Sophie Allen, Julia Hartley-Brewer, etc.) I would get along with, regardless of how GC their actual policies would go.  But *so many* GC women *online* specifically indulge in one of the above behaviours that it's hard to really engage with many of them.

&amp;#x200B;

As for beliefs, I don't really share any beliefs with tucutes other than a desire to see gender dismantled; however, they obviously engage in activities that *enforce* gender, so...their words don't match their actions.  I share a ton of beliefs with GC, but I don't call myself GC because I believe that exemptions for trans women can be done in a manner conducive to women's safety, and, just to be entirely frank, I couldn't stomach having a label be shared by a large portion of the GC subreddit userbase, even if I agreed with them 100%.  The general behaviour of that subreddit is just distasteful.  It'd be the same for the tucute belief system, for what it's worth, based on their behaviours on Twitter/Tumblr//traa/etc.; I just don't agree with them on almost anything so it doesn't matter.
