One day way back when I was in high school, I went out to my car at the end of the day (I was a senior so I could drive in). Normally I would meet my little sister at her locker and we'd walk out to my car together, but she had to talk to a teacher about something so I went outside to wait for her. 

15 minutes go by... 30 minutes.... 45 minutes...... I've been texting her every 10 minutes or so like "where are you" and "??" with no response. But there were some areas of the school where you can't get a cell phone signal, so I figured she probably just hadn't seen them yet. At 45 minutes, I was now worried enough to go back inside and try to look for her. 

So I waited at the closest exit doors for a few minutes, for someone to eventually walk by who could let me in. Once I got inside, I headed toward that teacher's classroom, and I ran into my sister in the hallway pretty quickly. I asked her where the hell she'd been, and she just looked at me with this... blank stare. It was like she didn't even see me.

She had just been wandering around in a completel daze, for nearly an hour, in this kind of dreamlike state. She was just super confused and unaware, and all she said was "the rooms kept changing". 

I got her out to the car and she eventually cleared her head, and I got more of the story out of her. Apparently she was walking through the hallways, and at the points where big heavy fire doors separated parts of the building, she'd go through the doors and be in the wrong place. Where there was supposed to be another hallway, there was a stairwell. Where there should've been a stairwell, there would be a normal hallway, or where she should've been at the top of the stairs, she'd be at the bottom. Every time she went through a doorway, it was wrong, and she couldn't find her way out. *"The rooms kept changing."*

My best guess is that it was something related to our standard student sleep-deprivation, like a hypnogagic state or sleepwalking or something, but it was still very strange in the moment.
