I'm not sure this is why conservative Christians are against abortion being legal. I think part of it does go back to the passages about people being known/planned by God before they were born. If it was just about killing a human most people would have an issue with it whether or not theyre religious because most forms of morality state that killing is wrong. If it was about God punishing you as opposed to the state, conservative Christians would be more strict about other biblical regulations that are often ignored.

I think this passage about God planning you can be understood in a variety of ways. Some see it as God has an intention for all pregnancies to come to birth because he has a plan for each fetus. I'm Christian, but I see it that God has a plan for each person before they were even created. That doesnt mean he plans for each fetus to be born and an abortion foils this plan. If this were the case, miscarriages would be sins too. Even the most conservative Christians wouldn't say it's a sin because it's not something they could control. In fact many would say it was 'part of God's plan', however hurtful and ignorant that phrase is. So while I think these passages may have inspired people to be against abortion being legal, there isn't actually any biblical basis for this opinion imo.

I think a big part of this view is actually about control. Jesus himself vied for a separation of church and state. About tax-giving, Mark 12:17: 'Then Jesus said to them, 'Give back to Cesar what is Cesar's, and to God what is God's.' Or Romans 13:1: 'Let everyone be subject to the governing authorities, for there is no authority except that which God has established. The authorities that exist have been established by God.' And the issue here isn't that conservative Christians are against abortion, because theyre free to never abort, the issue is they're against abortion being legal for others to do. Christianity was not only dominant but part of the government since Roman times and it has only been relatively recently that there has been a separation of church and state it's becoming rapidly less dominant. I think the fact that control is being 'taken away' from Christians in determining the state's moral law when they had this control for so long is a big factor as to why this is such an issue. 


So I agree that I don't think it's biblical, even though the opinions on abortion are inspired by the bible.
