From the more grim section:

&gt; I traveled to Standing Rock in November of 2016 with my friend, hauling over 5000 dollars worth of winter tents, clothing, food, and gear. My full time job allowed me to stay barely a week, and my ego, mixed with a hefty dose of white savior mentality, convinced me that my training as an EMT, and my lifetime of experience with direct action and social justice, would make me useful. Fast forward 5 days, and I was crying in the driver’s seat of my car, while my amazing friend listened quietly as I grieved for something I didn’t know I had ever lost.

Last time I went camping for a week, I drove from South Florida to Yellowstone with about 1600$ and stopped in New Orleans for a pretty dope hotel room on the way back. Not to pat myself on the back, but all I could think while reading the above is how lost and ignorant that person is.

&gt; White people do have culture. Our culture is that of colonization. Of genocide. Of taking. Of envy and of fear. The majority of white people can name no more than two generations back in their families. The majority of white people barely know where their grandparents were from, much less who their ancestors were. The majority of white people have no traditions, and the ones we have, are rooted in consumption and the superficial application of organized religion, both of which are steeped in histories of violence.

I can almost, almost, understand this from the perspective of lower income white America. It's actually pretty spot on (from my having grown up in lower class white America ... and when you grow up with something and some people, you do tend to stay there and with the crowd at least through childhood imo) but because she is white and because (I am going to assume) doesn't know very many poor black Americans, or Guatemalans, Haitians, Mexicans, what have you, she doesn't realize the same is basically true for them as well. Culture is for the well off when you throw out religion (which she does).

&gt; Easter is about disposable plastic balls full of processed sugar, many of which are left for years to mar the sterilized landscapes and rigidly decorated city parks and backyards.

Mine, and many other Polish immigrant families, went to church on Easter so the priest guy could bless our bread, sausage, and eggs with holy water. I'm not overly religious but that's basically what it was, then we would eat it solemnly as a family (while watching tv because that's the way it goes).

If Rwanda conquered half the world, we would be reading the equivalent of their poetry and doing their dance. Because that's how it goes.
