Thanks everyone for the kind words and all the wonderful advice. Sorry if I don't reply to everyone but I hope I can refer to everyone in this comment. 

I definitely see returning to school within the realm of the possible future, but of course as we all know it'll just take a bit of time to get the funds, even with the help of scholarships. My title didn't expand on the entire reason if my dropout, it's a bit of a long story but the base of it is just that--lack of funds. There are a few other factors that led me to that decision but that one stands above the rest being the most practical reason.

As someone mentioned, I definitely do have a perfectionist streak, that combined with my Scorpio Mars' desire to succeed mixed with my habit of second guessing and general Pisces antics has been holding me back. I have a cycle of being proud of myself and then comparing my work to better artists, being doubtful and nitpicking what I do, becoming too depressed/uninspired to work, eventually picking it back up again and continuing the cycle. Someone mentioned that networking is my key, and I definitely agree, I've made some friends who have fairly big names in that tattooing industry however I tend to fall short on my promises because of this pattern I keep falling into.  Part of me wonders if art is my real calling--at least freelance/a pure art-focused career--because of this, as if art is only a piece of the puzzle. Maybe art in general isn't what I'm meant to do. Maybe I'm meant to be an artist at some point, and then meant to move on and explore a new side to myself. Maybe art is the gateway to my creativity as a whole. And as someone mentioned before, maybe it is meant to coexist with my servant nature as an art therapist.

I really resonate with everything mentioned by everyone. I want to learn and know everything there is and I want to be a wise and respected person who makes some sort of change in the world, or at least leaves a positive mark. Of course I understand I can't achieve that without allowing myself to be in the spotlight from time to time, and as someone mentioned, I am very comfortable being in the background and feel uncomfortable being the center of both critique and praise alike. 

Honestly, I've been thinking of transitioning to writing instead of art for my creativity. With Wisdom, Knowledge, and Communication as keywords for my life on top of meaningful work, being a public servant, and the themes of wanting to leave a mark, I've started to wonder if perhaps a novel will leave me satisfied in this part of my life. The thought of creating a story with heavy undertones, hidden messages, and even an inspire story from the bare surface peak my interest, and as someone said, I LOVE travel and wish it was a part of my daily life, so book tours are something I daydream about from time to time. Art has always been my focus, creatively, but honestly I always did better and received more praise in English and Writing courses. I feel like it's a talent that I have been somewhat unaware and neglectful of simply because it wasn't what was necessarily pushed upon me.

Of course, part of me wants to live as a hermit in the woods just smoking weed and living off the land and not bothering society. Part of me wants to start a non-profit. Part of me wants to be like that rancher that is famous for his calming videos, just brushing his highland cows, Hamish and Kyloe. Part of me wants to be a park ranger. Part of me wants to be a spiritual leader or public speaker/advocate. Part of me wants to just travel and meet as many different kinds of people as I can and learn their experiences. Part of me wants to be a teacher (honestly my least favorite of my dreams simply because my entire family consists of teachers and I don't consider them to be good teachers, lol). Part of me, of course, wants to go back to college and take another crack at Social Work. I feel like all of this is associated with the fact that I never had a "dream job" as a kid, I lived in the moment and was a tomboy, a very outdoorsy kid who just liked to play with bugs and go canoeing and camping, but never worrying about who I would be. Social Work (well, technically Case Management) was my first real aspiration after going into therapy at 14 and realizing that I wanted to help others and looking up to my personal Case Manager.

But as everyone has said, I have a lot of time left in my life to explore and try to do everything I want. Nothing but society says I have to pick a single career and stick with it for the rest of my life. A user mentioned a lot of change would fall into my life and I definitely agree, dealing with it in the moment can be exhausting and entirely daunting, but change allows you to make your own decisions as to how we advance from there. We can either decide to fall back on old habits and old decisions or embrace it and try something new. And there's no rule that dictates we can't decide to make these changes by our own accord or that our choices will always be right, we just have to try something different or look at it from a new perspective. 

I honestly didn't expect for this post to blow up as much as it did. It really means a lot to receive so much feedback and introspection. Thank you all so much. ❤️
