Okay first of all it's completely silly if you really think someone like Sandusky wasn't going to rape kids because he thought if he got caught they'd shut down the football program. Like there is already a pretty big deterrent to not rape kids and that's called prison and being socially ostracized and vilified for the rest of your life. 

If he still did it despite those consequences then he sure as hell wouldn't give a fuck about the consequence of the football program being shut down. 

Secondly, say they did shut down Penn States football program. Now say a similar child abuse situation happens at another school and the schools officials find out about it. 

Knowing that Penn States football program was shut down, do you think the schools officials will be more, or less likely to cover up a child abuse scandal? I'll tell you that them knowing that the consequence of a child abuse scandal is their schools football program being shut down, it's wayyyy more likely for officials to want to cover up and bury it if they learn of something similar going on in their school.

It'll actually do the opposite of what you think would happen and encourage people to cover up similar instances instead of bring them to light.

Not to mention it's punishing every single kid and adult who were completely unaware and innocent of everything involving the situation. 

Sandusky will die in prison, three school officials directly tied to covering up the situation were convicted and sentenced to prison, as well as having their professional and personal lives destroyed forever for being known as people who covered up one of the biggest child abuse scandals. Joe Paterno was fired mid season and his name was stripped from college football and his statue removed from Penn State. Instead of history remembering him as one of the greatest college football coaches ever, it will remember him for his involvement in covering for a child rapist. The football program had severe sanctions put against it by the NCAA and the college itself paid over $90 million in lawsuits. 

I think the punishment received by everyone involved was adequate and if you completely shut down their football program it would have done more harm than anything.
