No worries.  I hope work goes well.

The article you cited is not a [primary source](https://www.thefreedictionary.com/primary+source) basically about more money to farmers; specifically soybeans and some other crops.  [Here’s a primary source that’s a public government site showing the decline of soybeans throughout years](https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/ag-and-food-statistics-charting-the-essentials/agricultural-production-and-prices/?topicId=14829) this is from 1912-2018.  You read that right, *the decline of sales of certain crops from 1912 up until 2018*.  You can see the decline yourself.

Another source is a primary source and from the government.  It states:

&gt;”Real gross domestic product (GDP) increased 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2019, according to the “advance” estimate released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis. In the third quarter, real GDP also increased 2.1 percent.”

This was released January 30th, and there will be another released.  This is public information, as I stated.

It refutes your statement and opinion article with the facts about the economy, this just the GDP; I can list more with primary sources and not an opinion piece.

It’s not your fault that there’s “news” out there like what you listed.  I outline why in another comment, but a lot is clickbait with very little substance or facts.  The GDP increased 2.1%.  The economy is doing very well.  Please cross-reference as some of these “journalists” are swaying things to keep their jobs.  The clicks generate money for them.  It’s a shame what some people have chosen to do to generate money (as far as “journalism”).

Also, I am open to changing my opinions, especially if I’m incorrect or my facts are wrong or outdated.  For instance, in another comment about scams I was corrected about a membership to a cam site...I was unaware and uninformed (so, ignorant), so the person who corrected me, I gave them credit and thanked them.  I was unaware and ignorant about how to suggest a full resolution for that person and with the help of another, hopefully they were not charged anymore money and called their bank.

That’s just one example, but I will and do change my mind when presented with better facts.

#TL:DR Primary sources listed to refute statements. The economy is doing extremely well, crops are producing a lot, but there’s been a decline since *1912-2018* on the crops listed.  Therefore, the article listed sways facts to fit a narrative and is not trustworthy.  You can look up primary sources yourself to cross-reference opinion pieces that are deemed as “news”, when they’re not. These are facts, not an opinion.  Thank you for sharing.  I’m open to changing my opinions if given better facts with primary sources.
