*Why?*  Why you ask does this sub exist when there are other issues going on in the world?  

Well the same question could be posed to any person interested in any topic at any given time.  

When I was vegan I'd often get people who were *offended* at my abstinence of animal products.  They would insist that I should "use my energy" for this cause or that cause, assuming that because I was vegan I couldn't possiblly care about *anything* else.  

As if the personal choice to live a lifestyle somehow meant that  I didn't care about other real world issues.  How presumptuous and ignorant that line of thinking is.  

But I digress.

This sub exists because we care about the welfare of both humans AND our beloved pets.  It exists to challenge the misguided narrative that's being pushed about the breed.  If people go on ignoring the inherent danger Pitts pose it will just keep leading to more tragedy.

I use this example a lot, but I'm gonna use it again.  If people were keeping big cats (tigers, lions) as pets and spreading the narrative that they were "safe" and "loving," all the while there were attacks and maulings happening every day - wouldn't you want to speak out on this?  Wouldn't you want to provide a counter narrative that would help to save lives?

To deny the reality of a dangerous animal is not helping anyone.  It's not good for the people who are around them and it's not good for the Pitts.

I won't speak for the whole sub but, personally, I would never call a Pittbull "evil," or advocate for them all to be killed.  What I do call for is for owners to be responsible and understand the potential threat these animals pose to the public. 

 Stop insisting that people shouldn't have legitimate fear of this animal.  Stop insisting that Pitts are "safe" and that anyone who fears them is "bigoted."  Stop using helpless babies as "props" in your Pitt photos just to illustrate that your "big baby Pitt" is safe and "eff the haters."

Accept reality and stop putting lives in danger with ridiculous propaganda.  I can love all animals, and I do.  It doesn't mean that I will deny reality of what many of them are capable of.
