&gt; He was literally darkening pictures of Obama in attack ads during that same campaign

To be clear, you believe McCain personally directed his campaign to make Obama's skin appear darker, in an effort to foment racist division against Obama?

I watched the example ad they give in your article, and they also show pictures of Obama with seemingly much lighter skin in the same ad. Looking for more examples is proving difficult, do you happen to remember a more egregious showing of what you are talking about here that I could look for?

Could it be that high contrast/dark pictures of political rivals in attack adds has less to do with race and more to do with just the common human trope of dark=evil?

&gt; I suppose you'd also have me believe he was unaware and unable to stop his vp choice from inciting such behavior in her speeches and rallies as well.

I mean, from what I remember.... yea. By the time Palin was chosen as his running mate it seemed like he was not really in control any more, I certainly don't think he would have been allowed by the people running his campaign to criticize Palin, since their only defense against other peoples legitimate criticisms were cries of sexism.

&gt; that's not even broaching any of his shitty human hits of the past like love of the Contras, Insane Forced Birth positions, The Keating 5 Savings and Loan Scandals, Pushing for creationism to be taught in schools,

Like I said, I don't agree with his political positions, but I can recognize he was advocating for those things in good faith. There is a difference between being mistaken and knowing that you are wrong and not caring. One is open to change, evidenced by his opposition to Trump;

&gt; "Donald Trump’s behavior this week, concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts about sexual assaults, make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy."

He was not perfect, you could even argue he was a negative influence on the world, but he was clearly a much better person than every republican we have left today. 

&gt; I'm glad he's dead.

Oh, ok then. 

Are you aware that you are allowing your hate to make you a shitty person? Do you feel like this is helping you in your day to day life?
