Rain fell from the blackened sky. It fell in constant windy waves and landed among the rustiling canopy of the trees that young Adam was currently weaving through. With each frantic stride the the young boy in the jean jacket and look of horror on his face was getting farther and farther out of the woods next to the small town of Black Creek, Alberta. As Adam began to see the dim lights of the town peeking through the thick of shadowy trees in front of him he failed to see the protruding root underneath him. Catching the top of his foot the young man crashes into the ground, his arm twisting underneath his torso shot a sharp pain up his shoulder. Wet grass and rain water splash upwards as Adam tries to scramble up to his feet with only one arm, the other tucked to his side in pain. The young boy was so close to home and the thing behind him was getting nearer.  

The small town of Black Creek,with a population under a thousand, was whisper quiet as it was almost 2 in the morning; most residents worked for the local mill and were up by 5 in the morning to be on time for their shift. This included both Adams parents, who were sound asleep and unaware that their son had snuck out of the house. Unaware that the thing in the woods was only a few steps away from there only son. It snarled and snapped at the young boy, lines of drool landing onto the jean jacket and mixing with the rain water that fell upon him.

Adam slowly, shakily, turned his head to look at the thing chasing him. It loomed over the frightened boy and was mostly masked in the shadow produced by the tree canopy that blocked the moonlight, from time to time a gap would open and outline the beast in a dim glow from the town. From what little the boy could see a monster stood before him. Head of animal bone and antler. Skin of torn flesh that was pulled tightly across its tall bipedal frame.The ghoulish beings arms began to outstretch and reach at the child laying below it. All the while the storm above raged and roared with lightning and thunder, which gave Adam clearer views.

The boy screamed. He Kicked and punched with one good arm, a clawed hand with dead skin hanging off of bone finally grips the jean jacket he wore, the creature stands upright and throws Adam towards the edge of the woods. Another hard fall to the ground and Adam tumbles down the hill that reaches up towards the forest. The rain was no longer shielded by the trees above and began to fully drench Adam with sheets of water. Adam struggled to stand, his injured arm further hurt from the second fall and dizziness from the rolling.

As soon as he could the young boy wearing a now heavily soaked jean jacket looks towards the monster, however he sees none. Just a dark line of trees with shadows as black as the night sky. Adam cries out and runs towards the town, he knew he was told never to go into the forest at night but he knew he needed to get help. Instead of sneaking in the window into his room as planned he instead slammed and knocked on the front door of his locked home to wake up his parents.

The door flies open and Adams father sees the young boy, soaked to the bone and holding a dislocated shoulder. He drops the bat he was holding which clatters to the ground and grabs his son bringing him into the hall, frantically questioning what had happened to him. After a few minutes of scared sobbing Adam could finally tell his father about the thing in the forest. The father’s heart stops for a moment as he listens.When he is finished Adams father lets go of the still crying child and rushes to the door quickly shutting it and making sure to lock the deadbolt.

It was only a few days later when a vehicle was seen pulling into the town of Black Creek, Alberta. It was said to be painted turquoise blue with a nice mosaic of flowers along side of it. Parking at the sheriff's office the 5 occupants leave the vehicle. A woman in an orange sweater with dark rimmed glasses. A well dressed blonde man with an ascot. An equally well dressed woman with strawberry red hair. Along with a scruffy man in a green stained shirt who talked to a large dog, which seemed to answer.
