&gt; Now, if people who are upset with the current iteration of the game did the same, and provided constructive feedback rather than raging on reddit and the forums about how much the devs suck for not giving them what they wanted, well we might see some things that move to a middle ground, but sadly that is not what is currently happening.

Accusing the people who hate the changes that they couldn't or haven't provided constructive feedback is absurd and a cheap attempt to shift blame to the very people who were the most excited and previously also most supportive of the game and thinking that at this point, less than 4 months before actual release anything is going to change is naive and ignorant. That ship has sailed my boy.

There have been very lengthy posts by a multitude of people detailing as to why the changes were bad and what changes could be implemented to find a middle ground. There have been lengthy youtube videos detailing as to why the changes are bad. More than plenty of constructive feedback has been provided on all available channels.

Also people are not only mad because of the changes but because they got literally mislead into believing that they'd get a certain type of game. The devs themselves said that they made the decision for the swithc sometime after the alpha. They didn't bother to tell that decision to the very people, who had been supporting them for years, for the better part of 9months and then just full on suckerpunched them to the gut with that first devblog bullshit thing less than 6months before release. That is highly dishonest, disrespectful and even if you're the biggest carebeartard of all this should make you take note of how little AGS thinks of their supporters and customers.

So yeah the reason as to why PVPers are mad is not as simple as "they didn't get to gank lowbies so they mad hahaha", it's the combination of being lied to, disrespected, their support being exploited by AGS and then getting dropped just like that without as much as a warning even though AGS could've told them way earlier about their intentions. So in other words - People are mad because they get treated like shit and it's highly understandable that they return the favor. If AGS had been honest and like a month after Alpha been like "yeah shits not working and we cant figure out an intelligend way to make it way so we go PVE now" or even been working together with the community to get the initial concept to work I guarantee you there wouldn't hvae been anything close to the level of anger and now cynicism like you see now.
