We're going to have to define our terms then. When I hear 'special,' I think:  distinguished by some unusual quality, per  [https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/special](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/special). 

Now, it's not far of a leap to say that man's 'unusual quality' is most special because it is shared by no other animal at all. Other animals can fly besides birds, or have been known to fly but are now extinct. Same with most any other quality in animals. Except high level consciousness.

&gt; We often subestimate other species because of our fucking big ego. 

That doesn't change the fact that what we take for a given in humans 'language' seems impossible to reproduce at the basic human level in animals. And there are known differences in the brains of humans vis a vis other animals, producing a biological explanation and evidence for an impossible to surmount difference (not conclusive, but this is evidence).

&gt; The point is we were not the only "human" species. 

I don't know what you mean. *Homo sapiens or Homo sapiens sapiens* is the only 'human' species because it is what we mean when we say 'human.' Other pre-human but more related to human than any other animals occupy the genus *homo*. 

Either way, if you want to class them all as 'human' then it doesn't really do anything to the argument that 'humans' of all types are 'special.' Dead or alive.

&gt; If a vital part of a computer fails, the whole system falls apart. But if all humanity dies today, the universe keep on going. 

What's interesting about that is that you have no way of knowing if that statement is true, because all knowledge that we know exists in the universe would also be gone as well (unless you're an epistemological nihilist but you wouldn't be here stating 'known' facts if you were! ha).  

So in the sense you quite literally mean, the universe would not 'keep on going.' There would be nothing known about the universe's state once we die. So you can't really make that argument.

&gt; Now you are the one using argument from ignorance. 

Not really. The long form is, that it so hard to detect any other beings with consciousness despite humanity having a fairly large reach (no not galactic or truly cosmic scales) and the universe having existed for such a long time is good enough reason to suggest that consciousness is rare and special in the universe in comparison to all the non-conscious 'stuff.'

&gt; "the ends justify the means" 

That is a statement found in zero philosophy and is generally a very poor paraphrase of a passage from *The Prince* chapter 18. What Machiavelli meant, however, was that a ruler's subjects are so daft, superficial, and ignorant, that so long as they profit, they will attribute good motives and intents to the ruler's deeds which garnered them such a profit.

&gt; By this philosophy, there is no justification to the process without a good consequence, but without imortality all consequences are the same (death). 

I have never ever read or heard any consequentialist thinking along these lines. Consequentialism simply holds that the primary basis for moral judgments regarding conduct (a localized phenomenon) rest with the consequences of that conduct, rather than the intentions behind the conduct. 

That one will eventually die does not mean that there are no consequences that flow from one's conduct that are distinguishable from death. That's like saying a wrecking ball can't do any damage at all because one day the wrecking ball will be destroyed. Or that particles don't actually bounce off one another because one day all particles will cease to exist. I can only read it as a non-sequitur as stated.

&gt; Reading Ecclesiastes I got the impression he was a theist nihilist: "Nothing matters, except God". If he was an atheist the book would end with "nothing matters". 

Theist nihilist is an oxymoron. However, the author does believe that *sans* God, nihilism is true. 

&gt; I can't really prove a negative. 

I didn't ask for proof, though. The leap to nihilism is a leap of faith on par with any other. That's my only point, here.
