If it did, I was too unaware and euphoric to notice it. It had very interesting effects on my DID (formerly known as multiple personalities, which is a bit of a misleading title as they aren't separate personalities but rather fragments of a whole that failed to fuse in childhood and then further grew apart from each other, but dependant on each other to function in society or under stress etc).

[LSD connects the entire brain.](https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-04-12/scientists-map-effects-of-lsd-on-the-human-brain-for-the-first-time) Because certain (or each, depending on number of alters and other factors) part(s) of the brain generally only activate when certain alters front (are in control of the body), activating all of them causes some interesting effects. I tried psycobilin only once in my life and the contrast was very interesting. 

For LSD, the alter fronting at the time totally disconnected from everyone else in the system from come up to come done. It was radio silent, no switching or microswitching, but nearly complete memory bank access. He couldn't remember everything all at once, but memories he usually didn't have access to would be accessible. 

I once had an alter suddenly start fronting when I peaked who hadn't ever fronted before and no one knew about before. He had been reliving the trauma that had caused  him ^1 for several years, over and over, but he never knew the trauma happened to "him" but instead thought the trauma happened to someone else as he watched helplessly from a few feet away. After a few moments of intense panic and confusion, he rapidly began gaining memories of what had happened since he was formed, and then of memories before he was formed, starting with the most recent memory and going backwards in time memory by memory. He suddenly realized that he was the person that he had watched during the trauma, and immediately looked in the mirror and had a panic attack at the realization (remember we were peaking). After the bad trip passed as they always do, he calmed down significantly and talked to our (now ex for unrelated reasons) partner who had been sitting besides us the entire time, and was *also* under the influence of LSD. After that he had a great time for the first time in "his life." We were living in a barn at the time and had been sitting in the car to use our phones as the charged, and then we walked down the hill to the barn and he saw nature for the first time *while on acid* and was so impressed by the mountains around us and the pasture we walked through down the hill that he took a video (I might be able to find it if I dig) of the landscape as he walked.


Another time, after we had come down, several alters temporarily partially integrated/fused for a few days in the worst combinations, but it gave them time to work out their differences.


    


Psycobilin was a different beast. Instead of one alter fronting, we temporarily integrated. Most people integrate their personality between age 6 and 9, and continue to do so until ~11. DID is what it's called when you *don't* integrate. We had never experienced it before, and because the fragments had grown apart and had separate experiences and reactions/development than one another, it was very unsettling and way too intense. Imagine if all the sanrio/hello kitty characters, the characters you've created and the NPCs from Skyrim, including the enemies, and they all became one person. That's the best I can describe it. Unsettling, conflicting, self loathing, terrifying, surreal, and *wrong*.


Others with DID have had different experiences. Many of my old friends had very positive experiences with both or either. I'm going to wait until I'm in a mentally better place before I try mushrooms again.


   


^1 (each additional alter formed/split is due to a traumatic event or highly stressful period such as a loss of a job or moving to a different state as a child)


(Had to re comment bc I pasted the wrong link and got caught in the automoderator)
