My parents have passed away but I am quite sure that if my mom was still here she'd be saying what your parents are saying :/ Like yours, they fought with each other for decades, threatening divorce til the end but never following through. This was probably because making each other miserable was familiar and predictable, and maybe even satisfying at some level. 

I've been thinking about them over the past few days because my brother is super concerned about his finances now that his industry is tanking due to coronavirus. He has also over-leveraged himself with a few investments that are rapidly losing their value. For him, like for my mom, it was always so important to have the approval - or rather envy - of others, even if that meant borrowing money and being single-mindedly focused on work and the acquisition of wealth and status, usually to the detriment of their social relationships.  It's not as though any of this made either of them happy - like hungry ghosts, they were never satisfied by the things they bought because things couldn't fill the emptiness inside. 

Now that the economy is tanking he is super depressed and anxious and wants to know that he can rely on me for financial help. I find myself angry that he has unthinkingly been living exactly the way my mother did - he's lived his life til now with the sole aim of proving himself as "successful", even at serious cost to his own health, and now that it's all crashing down, his sense of self worth is going down with it.  I can't help but see the influence of a mother who lived her life trying to show us that the most important thing was to build a life capable of making others seethe with jealousy. Even if that life was really rotten behind the curtains. 

Like my mom who visited me twice in ten years of living in a city a drivable distance from her (i was always expected to go to them, because her work was too important), my brother has been absent in my times of need, choosing to book multiple holidays a year with his partner or alone instead of planning visits or joint holidays even. His partner is a narcissist who reminds me of my mother...she  lets her dogs have first rights to space on their couches when me and my partner come over, neglecting to get them to move so my partner and I can sit. Because the dogs are like her kids. And now they want a bail out from me. 

I have a lot of anger about this. I feel like my family tree is filled with poisoned fruit - I see the same patterns repeated among all of the extended family members. With most of them I've gone no contact. These are not rewarding relationships - they are hungry ghosts focused on their own needs above all else, and nothing is ever enough for them either. No amount of concern, no amount of money or care will satiate the emptiness they feel. Like how your sister's good will in gifting your parents a holiday was met with slaps and abuse. 

I agree with you that emotional maturity is required to grow out of such family situations. It is unfortunate that family members like these are so emotionally stunted and unaware that they can only make life miserable for those around them. 

I wrote all this because your story resonated with me, and I am sure others can relate too. I hope you are doing ok. It sounds like you have managed to come out of your family situation with a good understanding of what's what. And you're right, it bothers you so much because you still love them despite all their problems. Hang in there, you're not a bad person for not wanting to call for another earful of "you don't care about me." 

I still feel a lot of pain when i think about my upbringing, even with them gone. I mourn for the parental support I never had, and unfortunately will probably never have, though I can try and not repeat their mistakes with my kid when they come along.
