No one born gay it’s a gay agenda promoted by deep state to reduce population and morons fall for it... there is somthing called epigenetics where particular thoughts control particular genes and how they turn on or off.. healthy thoughts turn specific genes on unhealthy thoughts turn specific genes off ... people say they are born like that because they don’t want to take accountability for free will or are ignorant and unaware that it is psychological ... genes do not control our desires they have little effect on us however our thoughts which we we have control over consciousnessly to a decent extent from constant training of mind filling with gods word and things from above not below will shape our subconciouss and I uncounciouss thoughts to be healthy as well so we do have control over our thoughts emotions and desires with constant practice they improve..people will there heads with garbage and don’t want to take accountability that there desires are unhealthy because they can’t figure out how to correct the problem because mainstream media says it’s not a problem and it says it can’t be fixed so they accept and rot with there demons of u atrial behavior... animals only do gay stuff to prove dominance but animals also rape kill there own species we are not animals we are intelligent and know man is supposed to be with women ..it is not genetic it is psychological and satanic illuminati mainstream media puts out so much subliminal messaging to children that watch a lot of tv that they are confused with what is healthy and natural verses what is not and develop unhealthy desires and is only getting worst with legitimation of gay marriages and kids seeing it publically like it is normal when it’s not at all and is going to destroy family units and give a corrupt government power which is why they are promoting it to this extent... a lot of straight guys become gay and a lot of gay guys become straight it’s a psychological thing... your beliefs control your reality including your desires if you believe gay is gross you you wont be gay... nobody is supressing anything .. anyone can become anything including a killer or pedaphilia or beastyality etc if they fill there mind with garbage or if garbage is forced upon them and they don’t take accountability of there own free will and choose to reject thoughts that are not of God..almost everyone that supports gay sht and is straight usually end up gay or bi from supporting evil and allowing unhealthy concepts to consume there thoughts...Nobody is born gay they become that way from allowing unhealthy thoughts to corrupt them and most are unaware that the media and illuminati Hollywood normalized those thoughts in there head and they always thought they were there own thoughts and never rejected them or figured out how to reject them ... satan attacks your mind first... and weather somone else puts a thought in your head or you yourself actively put garbage material in your head how u control and regulate your thoughts will determine your health wether it’s sexuality anger relationships sobriety etc..take accountability of free will.. problem it mainstream media tells people there powerless and they can’t figure out how to overcome there demons so they just accept them as healthy and live a unfulfilling life because a sick society that is not christian tells them evil lifestyles are normal and the truth is they are not you are not powerless the answer is Jesus .... fast and pray.... and allow God to rewire your minds by accepting his beliefs and he will make your desires natural... also make sure you excersize have a healthy diet and stop watching porn and living in sin .... surrender to Christ if you want to be healed.. quit dancing with the devil if you want to be healthy... being uncertain about this is not good doubt leaves space for the devil to attack be certain on gods word so you will be immovable when lies try and move you like waves off your guard... stay firm on the gospel... Jesus is the rock... resist the devil and he will flee I hope this blessed you
