I automatically delete idiots still asking to meet at a time like this.

These cool guys are also the same imbeciles who will run straight to the hospital once they get serious symptoms because they're not superman. 40% of the hospitalized cases in the U.S. from February until mid March were under 55 years old. Nevermind that they're so selfish and ignorant that these cool bros are willing to jeopardize others through passing it directly to vulnerable seniors and immunocompromised friends and family - they're also indirectly taxing hospitals and a healthcare system without any capacity to handle the overload of Corona patients alongside the care of normal patients with other serious illnesses. With something this contagious it's only a matter of time before they get it and then pass it quickly to others aligned with their chill out ways. The more people who need to be hospitalized the more dangerous it will become due to the shortages in hospitals and increased risk for medical staff. The first Chinese whistleblower doctor died who died at age 34 - did he look like he wasn't perfectly healthy at the start?

In the Italian town of 3000 where they quarantined and tested everyone, 70% of people testing positive had no symptoms at the time of testing. How can you trust an internet stranger when they tell you they're safe and have no symptoms? Though the fatalities have been predominantly older people with preexisting heart conditions, diabetes and lung issues there have been deaths of young healthy people which no country can currently explain. The testing of some recovered patients in Hong Kong showed scarring of the lungs which looked like stained glass and had up to 30% less functionality. Would you like to mess up your lungs with unknown longterm consequences?

Italy and South Korea started their outbreaks around a similar time and now look at the different outcomes- it is largely due to culture. South Korea is a collectivistic society where people listened and stayed indoors when they were told. Of course they also accepted a lack of privacy in the name of public good that would not be kosher in the west. Which country do you want to be like - Italy or Korea? 

Of course all these points are useless against stupid people so they will do as they wish until their country collapses and the military is called in to take drastic measures under martial law. I
