Congratulations. You managed to write one of the dumbest comments that I have ever read, and you somehow managed to write a lot of sentences while barely saying anything at all, and whatever you managed to say was complete shit. You are really dumb and ignorant. So dumb and ignorant that it is laughable and embarrasing. 

S5-S6 are masterpieces. Dorne was bad because it was rushed and was not a part of the original plan for S5. It was poor decision making. Dorne had literally no effect on the rest of the plot, so you talking about it being impossible to make a "comeback" from that is absurd. Arya's plot in S5 was great. Not the writers fault that a part of their audience is braindead. Arya's plot in Braavos in S5E2-S6E6 was better than anything in S8. The good scenes in S5-S6 are good with and without context. 

Hilarious how you call smart people dumb, even though you have room temperature IQ. 

1. By your logic, everyone is bad at writing. D&amp;D literally did the impossible. GRRM and ASOIAF fans thought that ASOIAF could never be adapted for TV, and D&amp;D proved everyone wrong. "Bad at their jobs". Is there no bottom to your ignorance and stupidity?

2. GRRM himself even said that he was in D&amp;D's shoes, he would never have been capable of doing as good a job as they did. He was extremely surprised that they could do 10 episodes each season, meanwhile GRRM would have only been capable of writing about 3 episodes each season. 

3. D&amp;D did amazingly well without GRRM. They literally wrote 2 FULL episodes worth of content for S1, because HBO demanded it, within 1-2 WEEKS! Do you realize how little time that is? For example, even though GRRM was following D&amp;D's outlines, he was still struggling to write a script within 1-2 MONTHS, and still needed D&amp;D's help. The scenes that D&amp;D wrote for S1 turned out to be among the best scenes in that season and in the show. More proof that you are clueless about writing. 

4. Everything after S1 is literally considered to be "fan-fiction" by book purists. D&amp;D started writing their own plots in S2, and the dialogue after S1 was almost only theirs. Actually, OVER 50% of the scenes in S1 are NOT from the books and written by D&amp;D, and the plot is 80% the same. S4 is basically as different from the books as S5, but all these facts are bad because they don't fit your embarrasingly inconsistent and inaccurate fake narrative, right? Am I getting this right? 

5. D&amp;D literally wrote scenes in the show that are smarter than anything that GRRM has written in the books. They literally wrote
