Well, that's unfortunate. I'm really  sorry to hear that he is being so careless of your needs. I assume that means he did not follow through on your convo about the quarantine contract? The problem is, if he was merely  being  unobservant and unaware that you were overwhelmed that's  one level of problem, but if he knows and isn't  moved to step up his game that's  a whole other level of problem. Then it moves beyond the specific things you need done and becomes a broader relationship issue, about selfishness and how well he is caring for you (as you should both be caring for eachother). Right now it sounds like you're the only one doing any care taking. This sort of thing has the capacity to rock a relationship's foundation. There are only two things I  can think of to suggest. One is that he may not feel that your conversations are mutual, but that he is being "bossed around", because he doesn't  see the need for x,y or z to get done, so he feels like it's just a problem you have and that you are creating a  problem for him, especially if  you are coming to him with a list. If that's  the case then approaching it Socratically may help - by which I mean phrasing everything  as a question. Instead of "the clogged sink needs to be fixed", you could try "Do you agree that we need to keep the house maintained while we are on quarantine?" "what do you think needs doing around here?" "Do you think the sink needs to get unclogged?" Then every response can be followed by more questions. If he says no than you can ask "why not?" If he says yes you can ask "Do you think that's  a chore you can take on, or would you rather tackle a different one?" If he says a different  one than which would he prefer? If he agrees that he will do it you  can ask "What day can you do it by?" If he sets a date too far off you can ask "Does it seem healthy  for the kids to have bacteria growing in the sink that long?" Of course if you choose this you have to ask these questions in a tone of voice that says you care what his answers are and you have to listen and consider if he has a point. If you ask in an irritated tone he will just get defensive. The point of all this being to get him using his own agency in planning for household  care in a realistic way instead of glossing over it. That's  frustrating though because it really feels like a lot of handholding of a grown man and dancing around that in a mutual relationship you shouldn't have to do. Which leads to the only other suggestion I can make, which is that he is thinking of all this as a set of discrete issues - that you want quiet time, that you want chores done, and not seeing that it has the potential to be a much bigger problem for your relationship if he disregards you when you feel overwhelmed and creates a distance between you because you feel uncared for. So you could approach the conversation from that angle. At the end of the day though no amount of juggling how you approach him can solve it. He has to choose from in himself to respond. I hope he chooses to hear you! I am wishing you luck.
