I just learned that we're going to be closed until next year. Wow. But I've been doing this for a long time. Usually, at the end of the year, I get into...Shakespeare. Why? Because standardized testing is over, nobody is looking at my classes and trying to control what I'm doing and...I like Shakespeare. It's for me. Every time I teach the plays I teach, I learn something new or find a new source or find a new way to look at them.

Usually, things get kinda weird. See, I don't want the kids to just 'get how beautiful the words are!' Most of them aren't ready for appreciating it at that level. I want them to understand who the people are, why they do the things they do and what Shakespeare was trying to convey.

Example: at the beginning of 'Julius Caesar', Caesar is going into a festival at the head of his troops. The festival involves a foot-race around the city, run by young men. He sees Antony off to the side and calls him over. Antony, he says, when you run around the city, make sure you pay attention to my wife, Calpurnia. Antony says he will, absolutely. 

What no one ever talks about is that this is a fertility festival. 

(those with sensitive stomachs should stop right about....here.)

Before the race, the young men sacrifice goats and dogs. They flay the animals, getting covered with blood as they slice the animal skins into long strips. The young men then run around the city waving these bloody strips. If a woman wants to ensure an easy pregnancy or safe birth, she steps forward and opens her arms. The young men then pause in their race to whip her with the bloody skins, 'blessing' her. 

And we discuss fertility and the disconnect between how they (teens) feel about pregnancy and how adults then (and now) saw it as proof that the gods had blessed you. This leads to discussing the symbolism of the gifts they've been getting every Easter since they were babies (eggs...bunnies...on green grass...). This leads to a broader discussion of 'rituals' and how they don't even know they practice certain rituals in their lives-

-but all along, I'm driving to this point: what kind of husband PUBLICLY ANNOUNCES that his wife is the reason they don't have kids? He's insensitive and unaware that he's insensitive. He misses the cues around him (and what happens right after this? The soothsayer warns him about the ides of March and Caesar disregards him as crazy...if Caesar had paid attention to the warnings, the signs all around him [WHICH, I KNOW, IS KINDA THE WHOLE POINT OF THE PLAY], maybe he would have lived.

And I can do this because nobody is pushing pushing pushing, gotta get those scores up (my scores are just fine, better than most) and I can take these deep dives and burn tons of calories and INSIST THAT MY STUDENTS GO WITH ME, because now, that's their grade.

So I have to figure out: how do I do this with Google Docs, a GoPro and the whiteboard I'm going to buy tomorrow? I certainly have time to think about it!
