I had a very similar experience with an EMDR "therapist". She would say how little effort I do (except the fact I am heavily researching what the hell is going on with me for 10+ years because no doctor was even able to tell me it's anxiety at least, hello?), also how she treated people who had it so much worse than me like soldiers etc. This was one of the times I let my rage fill me and told her she knew nothing about cPTSD obviously because no matter the reason, the symptoms can be more severe for people with objectively less dangerous traumas and that childhood traumas are much harder to treat because our brain was still developing in contrast to adult brain in soldiers etc. She told me that I read too much and that I should think for myself. Ok, so let's discover America again, forget Columbus etc? Discard all what people before me found out and just keep guessing on my own? She was obviously just insecure that I knew more about (c)PTSD than her (she also ran a kindegarden and some other things, this type of "jack of all trades" who probably does nothing well, except for boasting). I usually repress my anger but this was so unprofessional and ignorant that I just left. She at least had the decency not to charge me any more money for this. I then proceeded to cry while phoning my mum (I also didn't normally cry back then).

The worst experience EVER. Consider reporting your therapist or they could do more damage. I only withstood this because I already read books by Van dek Kolk and Pete Walker so I was more confident that I am not at fault, it's my trauma... Otherwise I would have blamed myself, hated myself... They even warned against such therapists! I saw some red flags even on my first two sessions with her but I was desperate to find a cure so I gave it a go anyway. BTW only MDMA-therapy finally set me on the path to healing but that would be for a long discussion, although I recommend anybody with (c)PTSD who didn't have luck with any other therapies to research this (not popping an ecstasy pill with no knowledge whatsoever though, that could be even retraumatizing, you need to know what you're going into - as far as words can describe it). 

&amp;#x200B;

The good thing is that you know she is at fault, not you! Sadly, many people wouldn't see through it and even I after the research on cPTSD was still partially suspicious about myself - what if I truly am not trying hard enough? The truth was, I was just nervous about her, I couldn't relax so the EMDR wasn't working. I am from Czechia where mental health sector is a joke... Even psychiatrists don't know what PTSD is. I had to discover it all by myself, by reading English resources. I now study in the UK where I have a great EMDR therapist at the uni. So much difference and EMDR actually is working now! I got a bit stuck but the difference was a day and night. And I can confide in her, no judgemental comments, she actually validates my feelings, I sometimes can hardly believe it... I was thinking I was just being too sensitive about some issues etc. but she says she would feel the same way. Please stay strong, there is hope! There are good therapists around, although the sad truth is that some countries are so backwards... 

&amp;#x200B;

Still, I did most of my progress myself. And you look like you have a lot of awareness now so even if you don't have luck I believe you can do it even on your own and support of someone close would also help a great deal (but I have no SO and am doing quite fine too, so everything is possible, cPTSD taught me to be very independent.)
