Although I grew up reading comics; Beano, Dandy, Cor, Whizzer and Chips, Shoot! and 200AD I left the medium in my late teens.

The part works I moved to as an adult were GQ, Loaded and the like.

I dabbled with The Freak Brothers and Fat Freddy and his Cat, but not as a series, more collected - it was printed early '70s. In the UK Comic Stores were never present with ubiquity they were in the US, so it wasn't really a part of the culture, or at least my culture.

Pre-film Watchman, ***that*** I picked up as single book. It drew me back in, some twenty or so years later. I was unaware it had been printed as a part-work.

I then moved on to The Sandman. Which to me, was a collection of books. But to someone who has, for instance, collected the Tolkien series, it wasn't something I identified as being like comics, and again I was unaware and unconcerned of it's comic lineage.

Maus has been mentioned. I'd add to that much of Moore's work, none of which I would consider comics because they were not the form in which I consumed them.

I suppose the easiest definer is the presence of a spine. If it has a spine, it is a book, which I think of as a graphic novel.

No spine or binding, to me, it is a comic.



For my view then, this demands an answer to the question as to "is a collection of comic-originated, monthly published, part-works, re-published collected in a bound form, a comic or a graphic novel?"


It kind of undermines my whole definition.

Now, comes the contentious part, but I opted to die on this hill, so be it.

The majority of DC and Marvel properties I consider to be comic book. The content is labeled comic book movies when it moves to that media and is a broad cultural identifier. This as someone who owns and appreciates The Dark Knight Returns and Arkham Asylum as well as Moore's run on Swamp Thing.

I very much doubt this is remotely close to your search for a consensus, but I suppose it would be fair to say: ' the content, the form consumed and the physical presence' is the basis on which I differentiate comics from graphic novels.
