Holy shit that is a 3 minute walk from my house and I had no idea. Wow this literally just hit home. Ughhhh Lodi is a microcasm of wealthy evangelicals, Italian Catholics whom are 3rd generation by now and all toxic to society because they are all borderlines and twice as arrogant and 3x the bag of douche; and then an exceptionally large amount of 7th day Adventists and Jehovah's Witnesses, more 7th day but none the less. And Lodi is a small wine town where people (friends of mine actually) are so conceded and ignorant that many never leave the town thinking this is all they need to see in the world and this bubble somehow protects them. They have such a visceral stench of blatant racism while the majority of the town is so fair skinned they might make a case for being allergic to the sun. And they don't adhere to the county jurisdictions thinking they are above it especially with how nonsensical they charge you for utilities. And then somehow if you are brown or black, unless you one of a few of the wealthiest families there, then you live on the east side of the train tracks. This is taught to kids through their entire coming of age k-12 experience not to cross the train tracks. And the minute you drive over them it's literally an entirely different city. Run down ghetto no sidewalks etc. It's bizarre. The worst part is that in the end people still have nothing to do, everyone still knows everyone's business because it's so small and ultimately you're still in the shit hole blackhole of the 209 valley. 
  
  
Oh and they hold their own little parades to get old people excited to vote if an election is coming up but arousing and stroking their fears and irrationality in the worst concoctions. Old people watching Fox news on full blast. Volume 100 and you can still hear people like my grandparents dropping N bombs and every extremely offensive term to stereotype and degrade any brown people. Mainly Mexicans but some Muslims as well now that they built a temple. It's still a cesspool just with better wine.
