Listen, you're right about one thing. You DON'T know my mother's behavior, and you also don't know my past.  For example: you don't know that she got arrested for child abuse when I was 9, you don't know she locked my brother outside mid January in Wisconsin, you don't know she tried to hit my other brother with a hammer, and you don't know that she is an alcoholic that has had every opportunity to change and get help, yet refuses too.  How absolutely mindless it is to say that manipulation is not abuse, it's called psychological abuse and it can permanently damage people.  Yes, it probably wouldn't be recognized by a court, but that is a problem with the court system and does not illegitimalize the seriousness of the tactics.  However, I was also physically abused for 5 years.  It's very immature of you to assume me to be toxic, self-centered, trashy, vindictive, undereducated, and blameless off of a single text message.  I do not have a "narcissistic sense of victimhood".  I simply shared my experience and trauma in order to gain the support I do not have in my real life.  My mother may seem like she wants a relationship, but she makes absolutely no efforts to spend time with me, and then proceeds to blame me for our lack of contact.  She has not paid child support for me or my siblings for YEARS and still claims me as a dependent on her tax reform, which is illegal.  She is so much more than a flawed human. She is an afront to humanity. She is a manipulative, alcoholic, abusive, self-absorbed, victimizing, denial filled woman. And u have every right to tell her off on the things she has done to me and my family. For you to judge and my situation so harshly from a screenshot of two text messages is extremely immature and ignorant. That is why I asked you to refrain from commenting on this post, because you lack the understanding of what has actually happened between me and my mother.  You jumped to conclusions without any regards to how much information you were missing.
