&gt;I've never met a conservative who stands in opposition to advantaging the worst-off.

Your anecdote isn't data and the republicans record, which you refuse to discuss, speaks for itself.

&gt;Juries and judges tend to disagree. 

Oh my god, you are a lawyer?!? You are an embarrassment to the profession. You shouldn't have even passed the bar and I severely doubt you have ever actually spent any time in front of the judge as anything other than a defendant. I might share this with a friend that does litigate just so he can enjoy what a childish and pathetic display this has been. In fact, I doubt you actually are a lawyer. Do I think you would do that? Just go on the internet and tell lies? I mean, you are an immature idiot, so, yeah, probably.

Your feeble attempt to find fallacies in my arguments, which never even addressed the substance of my argument which I graciously summarized for you, was point by point refuted. All  you displayed  was an inability to comprehend what I said and a total failure engage in honest back and forth when you had no retort. You never substantiated any of your arguments and for the most part your entire rebuttal to my claims was to say "fiscally irresponsible" was a loaded and emotional term. (LOL!)

&gt;a complete disregard for anything anybody else says 

I took the time to go point by point through your arguments. You are just upset none of them could hold water. You put yourself in a position to get flogged and now you wail "How unfair I am getting flogged!" No sympathy for the proud and ignorant that march into a situation they are totally unprepared for.

&gt;you're having a completely different conversation from your opponent 

You never actually said anything of substance and totally refused to respond to any specific points I raised. In fact, your last 5 posts have been nothing but pretending you are a victim and the one time you tried to make a point you made a blatant logical fallacy.

You suck and you should stop, child. Be silent.
