It isn't worth arguing with people who don't want to listen and are just going with their feelings over reason.

If you're worried because you think there's truth in what they say, then I will do my best to reassure *you*, but don't think our words will sway your "friends".

We don't like partisan politics. It's why we're all so crabby every election season.

We have healthcare, it just isn't affordable. We also don't like this and both sides of our partisan politics are trying to fix it, but they see the problem differently, so their attempts to fix what they perceive as the problem are often opposed by the other side, locking us in an eternal stalemate. We aren't happy about this, but that doesn't mean that the individuals here are bad people.

Stay out of gang territories and you'll be pretty safe here. Be aware that it's a great big country with lots of different demographics and each city and town will have a different "yeah, don't go there" place (assuming they *have* a "bad part").

To read what people write online, you'd think that we're constantly in the middle of some Hollywood High Noon gun standoff, but I've actually never seen someone fire a gun outside of a safe and controlled target practice location. I've never even seen someone attack another person.

The "scariest" thing I've ever seen was when a car was speeding past a bunch of people in parked cars and someone in one of the cars yelled for him to slow down (a reasonable request). The guy in the car must have had something wrong with him because he threw the car in reverse to go and start screaming at the person who scolded him.

He stood in the middle of the street yelling and everyone just remained in their cars (no one drew guns) and someone must have called the police because several officers came and calmly talked to the guy (again, no guns were drawn) until they were able to resolve the issue peacefully and everyone went on their way.

That being said, if you want to come over here, I think you'll enjoy yourself. But if people are so bigoted and ignorant that they believe anything negative and disbelieve anything positive, then they probably aren't worth talking to in the first place.
