  

Astrology is composed of the pseudoscientific belief that human affairs and personalities can be predicted and are affected by the movements and relative positions of celestial objects. In more ancient times many followed astrology religiously, over time its prevalence and influence in society. Many people are passively involved in astrology through newspapers, occasionally having a read through their weekly horoscope which predicts your week’s experiences based on your star sign. The fundamental fallacy of astrology is its basis on several confounding factors, biases and ontological confusions. These include confirmation bias; naïve realism; illusory correlation; base rate neglect; availability heuristic; childhood concepts. Let us break these down in the context of astrology.

Firstly, confirmation bias is present because astrological predictions are most of the time positive predictions which we want to come true, so after you read a prediction you subconsciously are looking for it to occur. Perhaps one of the most relevant biases is illusory correlations as people believe a star or planet millions of light years away will determine their fate or behavior. The reason this correlation seems real is because astrological predictions describe seemingly individually tailored predictions which in fact are extremely broad and common occurrences. However, due to confirmation bias you will pay more attention and remember more of these events leading to naïve realism. Once someone finds their astrological predictions to be correct or after multiple times, they believe in it much more strongly and will defend its legitimacy through their firsthand experiences passing them off as evidence. When more and more people find their astrological predictions are also often accurate, what I call group bias forms where enough people loosely believe in the phenomena that no one questions it out of not wanting social arguments or being singled out. When a believer is presented with a prediction that turned out wrong, they look to their next prediction and if it turns out to be right, they quickly forget about the previous prediction and focus on the more recent one. This is a classic example of base rate neglect. Astrological predictions are formulated such that the events are very common to all people, so when one reads a prediction and it loosely or vaguely fits their experiences, they think it is perfectly true. This is known as the availability heuristic and goes hand in hand with confirmation bias, where a subject will make a strong link with the smallest similarity in their experiences and the prediction. Furthermore if as a child if you or your parents read your astrological predictions, at a time where you are unaware and most vulnerable to cognitive biases, you are more likely to strongly believe in astrology for the rest of your life. “. It’s like my brain has been hard coded/ conditioned into thinking about it.” demonstrates this.

A further confirmation of naïve realism, base rate neglect and availability heuristic is demonstrated in: “I have been reading and into it for almost 5 years now. …But far too many times (like 5 times) has it been eerily accurate”. So, in the 5 years you have been reading astrology predictions, you have experienced 5 correct predictions? Well this is astounding, because of how terrible your astrology source is. Most astrological predictions reach 30-40% accuracy due to their open-ended predictions. What is more eery is that you manage to only have one correct prediction per year.
