I know the pain, mine never did anything like that. I am really sorry for you man, gosh it really is the worst kind of pain just the indifference. They have reasons and can’t help it. She does love you, that’s part of why it’s specific and extreme

Remember that in her mind you are someone who purposely hurt her and put her through worse pain. The reality doesn’t matter, with BPD it’s captured one way or the other in the extreme. It’s great on the plus side but equally out of proportion. I’d say the amount of time spent one way or the other is the reality of what she really thinks. 

Dude, you are young. I got MARRIED at age 20, and made it work. I don’t regret it, two wonderful kids and I saved my wife’s life twice, built many memories and suffered hardships, we have had many good times. 23! years later I met another damsel in distress, the woman right for my mind, and she also needs me, she has BPD or similar, it’s close. It’s new to me, but life isn’t. I’m tough, hardened by the onslaught of time and informed by perspective...  I will handle the BPD and make this new potential life work, change her whole world and rescue her. At age 20, if I met her, she would have rocked my world but also I was more emotionally unaware and less experienced overall, untested but I can say with confidence her BPD would have potentially destroyed me. I promise you I would have needed divine intervention to escape permanent, life altering trauma or something worse like suicide, because I would have loved her so much and not handled the whole situation in perspective. Please be careful about how you proceed. The way she makes you feel when times are good may be something you can’t find anywhere else. But it’s gonna be taken away at times like right now. You can’t expect a woman to sustain that much adoration without a break. You shouldn’t be addicted to that, when it’s out of proportion just enjoy it in perspective of the flip side, it ends up closer to any other relationship. At your age it’s a lot to expect to know yourself bery well, if there’s anyone else who can love you in a more healthy situation. Maybe she will stop cycling and change for the better and go back to you, but you gotta demand some things of her for your own good, or get acquainted with the pain you feel right now.
