An incel has everything going for him, but refuses to do anything about it. Often there are basic and obvious reasons why they are physically unattractive to women, from just being ugly, to being fat/skinny, having a shit dress sense, being unkempt, even just not washing and being a smelly cunt.

But instead of fixing themselves (whether it's cosmetic surgery, hitting the gym and using steroids, getting a good stylist, even just having a fucking shower) they refuse to take responsibility and just blame "women".

Women do put looks first, because PEOPLE put looks first. It's fucking simple. Not being a dribbling autist helps a lot when you get to know someone, but looks are everything at first. 

Your issue is tragic, and I really feel for you. I'm sorry to say, but I assume having MD will severely impact your life and sadly,  it means many women won't find you attractive. But there might be someone out there, it does happen a lot. 

So NO, that does NOT make you an incel. The total opposite. You don't blame other people, you accept it is your disability that makes it difficult. I just feel genuinely upset that it isn't something you can help. You're living a very tough life, and have a very good outlook on matters. You're self-aware (in a good way) and not blaming other people. I don't want to come across as patronising here, so please believe I genuinely mean it. You could have the worst type of MD going, and you'd still be 1000 times the man any fucking incel is. They are disgusting worthless scum, and you are a man. Always remember that. Try not to get suckered in by this Red Pill shit either. A lot of good people and decent philosophy on here, but also a lot of incels looking for somewhere to spout their shit. They're so unaware and so selfish, without looking at the replies I bet there's already people ignoring your post and just ranting about how they hate women.

And a message to incels reading this - THIS is a real story of someone who is suffering. Think about this next time you can't be bothered to go to the gym, or have a shave, or even do something more "extreme" like save up a few thousand for jaw surgery. You want suffering? You don't know the half of it.
