I’m a lesbian and while I never really identified with “conservative” when I was young and unaware that I was gay, I did grow up in a Christian home that had some conservative values. Being a Christian was part of my identity as a kid. I accepted God into my heart when I was 5, went to church every Sunday, my parents were involved with Young Life and so was I. I was never specifically enthusiastic about it (getting me to church was always a chore), but it was part of my identity.

I moved halfway across the country for college and that’s when I started to realize I may be into chicks. Since I wasn’t living at home anymore, I stopped going to church and didn’t really involve myself in any Christian specific activities, but I still believed in God. It probably took me 4 years to no longer consider myself a Christian which is about the same amount of time it took me to accept and acknowledge I was a lesbian. Those 4 years were hard for a variety of reasons and one was trying to find a balance between my beliefs and my orientation. I read and researched a lot and came to my own conclusions in the process. I consider myself an agnostic now, I honestly just don’t give a shit about if there is or isn’t a God. I don’t think it particularly matters much, at least not to me.

It’s really hard to unravel all these things at once when they’re instilled in you at such a young age and become so much a part of who you are even if you aren’t hyper enthusiastic about it. Being Christian can be a part of your identity that really binds you and your family. There are a lot of shared experiences and memories that I have that are associated with my family’s religious beliefs. I often feel like an outsider in my family for being gay and then I’m also an outsider for not being a Christian and I think dealing with that in your teens and 20s can be really difficult because you’re still in the process of figuring out who you are in a variety of ways. I’m 36 now and much more confident in who I am than I was when I was younger so it makes it easier. I think it’s kind of fun to be the outsider now, especially since I have a lot of young nieces and nephews who I can offer different perspectives to.

While it hurts to cling to beliefs that don’t respect you, it also hurts to feel alone and rejected by people that are supposed to love you unconditionally. Feeling like you need to choose one hurt over the other is incredibly difficult. I think for some people at least in one situation they don’t feel alone and it’s a hurt they’ve at least been dealing with for a while, a hurt they’re comfortable with. I think a lot of these types are just looking for answers to help deal with their conflicting thoughts. I don’t think seeking them out in r/conservative is a responsible decision, but I think some people are desperately seeking validation from those that are comfortable with. It’s a hard thing to understand unless you’re actively in it. I was fortunate that while it was difficult for my family initially to come to terms with me being gay and it took a lot of time on their side, they never stopped loving me and they came to my wedding last September. I still don’t know how my family actually feels about homosexuality, but I also don’t care anymore because I feel loved and accepted by them and that’s all that really matters to me right now.
