Downvote krny sy pehly prh laina, na bhi prho toh mai kya kr skta. App Reddit pr ho lakin baqi Sindh itna khushqismat nhi.


Lol, if you think Sindhis are not the most ignorant in comparison to other provinces then you are deluded. 
People of KPK might not be the brightest but atleast they know if they are being exploited hence why KPK has seen the most change of power. 

People of Punjab are ignorant but not as much as Sindh. Punjab atleast realized PMLN is better than PPP and switched sides. PMLN is still strong in Punjab but it's losing its hold gradually.
Now comes Sindh. 

I never really understood what jiyee bhutto really meant until recently. I'm not much into politics maybe that's why. There's a reason why PPP wants to plaster pictures of Benazir, ZAB and  Bilawa everywhere. There was a media outrage that Governer Sindh was telling people that it was Imran Khan who was giving money via Ehsaas Program during a money distribution ceremony, then they showed a clip in which Governor sindh while giving money to a women asked her, who do you think is giving you this money? The women replied "Benazir"...

If I hadn't seen this clip I'd say that telling people IK is giving them money is a petty and shameful move. 
But not when it comes to Sindh. People in Central Sindh still think Bhutto is alive. They have been deprived of basic social, economic and educational progress. Why were they deprived? Because it's ignorant people who make better slaves who you can treat like sheeps and herd them as you like. Since they live on scraps, total obedience is what keeps them alive. The whole wadera culture is based on this principle. We all know this where this culture is quite dominant. Imagine being so weak and ignorant that you think of mortals as immortals/Gods.
There's a reason why PPP wants Benzir photos on BISP cards, outside Ehsaas program centers, on relief packages and why PPP doesn't want Sindh to progress. Only if PMLN had followed PPP to the letter, Nawas Shariff would still be PM. Now you know or maybe you already knew but thought otherwise because you were fortunate enough that you can think for yourself unlike the people of central Sindh.

PPP has its roots so deep that good luck getting rid of them. I know very little and I hope, I am wrong. Because if not there isn't any solution for Jiyee Bhutto...
