First: The population of those two countries combined is about 16% of the population of the United States. Of course they have the capability of testing FAR less people than are here. And on top of that, they don't have to deal with literally 50 different sets of laws, regulations and policies that make up a Nation like ours. Although I will say because of antibody testing we can start to get an idea of how many people have already been infected and didn't even know it (which obviously lowers the deathrate percentage). 

https://news.usc.edu/170565/covid-19-antibody-study-coronavirus-infections-los-angeles-county/

This study done by USC estimates, through antibody testing, that at the LOW end there could be as many as 325,000 people that have already had it but were unaware and as many as 900,000 people on the high end in LA county. This is obviously much higher than the confirmed 39,000 cases reported which lowers the deathrate by almost a factor of 10.

Second: 
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/04/22/covid-19-could-detonate-hunger-pandemic-with-millions-risk-world-must-act/

Here is an article from the Washington Post about how there could be as many as 250 Million deaths from hunger worldwide because of the disruption to the economy, food production lines, and the ability of people to get the food to the people that need it. You can't just shut down the world for a year and then bring everything back up like nothing happened. And if that isn't enough for you, what about the 370 million children worldwide that depend on school lunches to be fed because they don't receive proper nurishment at home ( https://news.un.org/en/story/2020/04/1062812 )

Third: You are correct that the United States government can provide dollars for a year if necessary. What you are not thinking about is the millions of people that need to work in order to get the food to the grocery store for you to buy it. Let's forget for a second the massive inflationary cost of printing that much money for a year (that's a completely different conversation), you still have farmers that need to produce the food, factories to process and package it, warehouses to distribute it, truckers to transport it and grocery stores to sell it. Not to mention all the industries needed to support those people doing all the work. Money can't buy what's not there. 

And lastly, please don't assume that because I am looking at one side of a bad situation and you are looking at the other that I am uninformed about the topic or that I am uncompassionate about people who are less fortunate than myself. I was once one of those unfortunate people and had to make choices like do I put gas in my vehicle so I can work or food in my belly so I can live. (For the record I chose food and biked to work for a week) So yes, I do care about people less fortunate than myself and take action in my life (that I do not want to discuss here) because of those experiences. Opportunity cost can be very ugly when discussing human lives but we don't stop driving because of the 1.25 million people that die in vehicle accidents each year because the cost of that would be too great. As much as it sucks to look at things like that, we are now put in a situation where we must. 

(Also I just wanted to say thank you for operating a small business in our community. I know how tough that can be under normal circumstances so I can't even imagine what it must be like to do it now. So genuinely, thank you.)

TL;DR - Don't be that person. You don't have to agree with me but at least take 10 minutes to read and possibly be informed. There are good articles in there.
