I have been with someone like that. A control freak. 

Scenario 1: I painted my nails once (three nails, black nail polish) and he asked me if I was trans because he wouldn’t ever date a trans dude. I told him how idiotic and ignorant that is. He blew that out of proportion and didn’t talk to me for about 3 days. I now see how manipulative it was. HOW WRONG IT WAS. 

Another scenario: he knew exactly how close my best friend and I were. We used to hug every-time we met. My bro lives in another state and he came down because he was going through something very heavy I didnt want him to deal with all that on his own. One night, we three were walking to the subway after a dinner thing and me and my bro were having a serious conversation about that so we started to walk a bit distant from him. I swear the conversations must’ve lasted for five minutes. The next day, he told me that he couldn’t do ‘this’ anymore. I asked what? He said “being always put as a second option.” I was stunned since he was my priority. I never fucked around with him. 

The final blew came when he ruined my birthday because he didn’t get me cake AFTER he told me he would so I asked my friends to not get me one since why spend twice the money on the same thing. I was humiliated. ON. MY. 23rd. BIRTHDAY. I broke up with him 3 days later. He said “I hope you and your best friend can finally fuck since no body else can be with you.”

We talked after a few months because I had to contact him for some important thing I couldn’t ignore. Somehow, we ended up talking about the past and he said this: 
“we broke up because of a misunderstanding about your friends.” 

I’VE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD OF ANYTHING ELSE BUT DUMPING HIM.  

I think your boyfriend has issues. Talk to him clearly about this. I refuse to believe that this is just about a hair colour. There’s a bigger picture here. Find that out. But dont let him walk all Over you. It’ll make you feel worthless and horrible in the gut. You’ll always feel like youre not enough. The couldn’t be farther away from this.
