Parcival painfully walked backward to Aiden. He was no longer a manbeast when he knelt down next to the ronin. *Let’s hope Ryoichi’s potion is somewhere.*

“I was there, Bleeding Heart. I was there with John’s crew. I was there when you freed us, inspired us into actions. Now, we’re there, and I see you. You’re out of control. You fool. You’ve doomed your people, and us.” *I know you can hear me.* “How is anyone is going to ever trust you now after this? How is anyone is going to trust us? What you have built, what we have built, what people before us have built, all gone. Because you just prove The Government right, that those who oppose them are all murderous criminals who seek but chaos and destruction. Mad dogs who lash at unarmed civilians. All of your supposed callings which will turn aside your impending annihilation. Because you know this is the end. No one will rally to your causes except murderers and monsters. The oppressed and ignorant that you are supposed to liberate will flock into their arms, trading what little freedom they had for protection.  Nothing will save you now. Nothing besides your happy few. The ones that followed you without questions, like slaves.” A heat of anger coming off Parcival beat at nearby Revolutionaries. “Well, be happy then, until there are fewer and fewer of you; growing weaker and weaker and all the more bitter. And you know damn well what will happen then, *Captain* Vidas. Desperate young men with the eyes of hundred years old.” 

Luckily, Aiden’s dose of the healing potion was still intact. His condition was to severe to move without a trained medic. Hang in there, Aiden. I know it’s hurt but I’ll have to risk it now. Parcival decided to uncork it and poured it down the ronin’s throat instantly all while they were still on the enemy’s ship. It seemed he and Aiden left quite an impression as Kin and Bronx were staring at the young ronin who defeated and *patched* their wounds without trying anymore to hinder Parcival.

The prince’s disgusted gaze shifted from twitching Aiden as Ryoichi’s concoction was doing its magic to Vidas, then the Paragon as the altitude was noticeably getting lower and lower by the sustained damage and the lack of a pilot. Parcival looked at Bleeding Heart one more time. 

“You'll wish to meet your end honorably in battle, not in sick beds of misery, where attrition, entropy, and the dreams that will never come will send you. We both know the Government wouldn’t bother to grant your final wish if they get to see the Revolutionary is meeting a slow, agonizing death you have sentenced them too. You’ll remember today because no one will ever forget the consequences of your action today. Then, you'll remember us. You'll remember that we pitied you. And you'll understand that I was right.”

*Sorry.* Aiden might be in terrible pain but Parcival shoved a Nullifier pill into his mouth before tossing the ronin over his shoulder without warning. With a flick of his foot, Fatalis was in his hand again.

“They hurt Commander! Don’t let them escape!” Unfortunately for anyone how shouted that, Parcival was already on his heels. The purr of Iconoclast’s weapons got louder and louder as the prince leaped off the gunwale to the Paragon, shielding the injured ronin from impact with his own body. 

Bad idea. He tried to get up but his legs gave up, and Vidas had left a parting gift in the form of bloodloss.  

Parcival quickly downed his own dose of potion to numb the pain. It tasted...odd, and he was warned before that it wasn’t quite ‘refreshing’. In fact, the potion will exhaust the drinker at the cost of the healing. That was why he decided to give Aiden an extra trick with Nullifier.

“Come on...” The prince muttered, dragging his body toward the helm. No way he’d let the Paragon crash on her actual flight battle. True, it was one-sided against the Iconoclast but his shipwright pride and the necessity prevented him from backing down. *One of these days...One of these days…*

Parcival looked up the flying behemoth as his strength and empowering rage forsook him.

*Looks like it’s your turn again, Aiden….*

/u/Aragravi
