I like how everyone assumes that there ARE alternatives. I live in the middle of nowhere. There is no instacart, no curbside pick ups, no uber eats, no public transportation (no uber, no Lyft, no cabs or busses etc.). We don't even get pizza delivery. If we go to the larger town half an hour away they do have curb side pick up, at one grocery store, if you are willing to wait two weeks. You can get same day service at Home Depot usually though. Not much food there. 

The local grocery store does not shop for you. They are a tiny mom &amp; pop and don't have the employees to shop for the sick/elderly. If they did they would have to charge to cover the service. The big stores refused to help her by picking items for her before she moved in with me. When she was recovering from open heart surgery and had an oxygen tank. Most elderly on SS can't afford that extra money when they are already choosing between food and medicine. Especially since the price of food has jumped so much in the last few months. 

If my mom didn't live with us then there would be no one to help her shop. She is a geriatric with COPD, asthma, and on oxygen. I got masks for our family long ago. Everything from surgical to N95 masks. I had her put on a surgical mask to see how she fared. Not well. Within 2 minutes her O2 started dropping, her breathing was severely labored and she had to remove it and do a breathing treatment. 

Who helps these people? If she didn't live with me or if she was one of those with no family how would she get food? There are no services that cover shopping for them. There are no services out here that they can even PAY for since they don't operate in our area. Do we just let these people starve because they can't wear a mask? The ones that dont have family to help? 

There are ALWAYS going to be people that live/fall outside the one size fits all rules. In this case, not being able to wear a mask, they either try it because they are desperate and need food or end up passing out and maybe getting hurt, or just don't get food. Why is it that people have zero sympathy for those that are in a no win situation and basically say "fuck them" because you assume they have an easy answer at their fingertips? Why are people so selfish and ignorant that they can't understand other people's struggles with everyday things? What is wrong with you people that you would rather see them starve than be let into a store with no mask for an hour to get their food?
