Things have definitely been coming to a head in the last decade. The pressure's been put on and attitudes and ideas that have always been around, sometimes more dormant at times, seem like they've just come out of the woodwork and become more pronounced and extreme. 

I've gone my entire life not knowing or even caring about the social and political views of many family members. It just wasn't even in my scope of awareness or focus at family functions. They were always just my uncles, aunts, cousins, etc. I didn't know what they thought aside from what kind of leisure activities, foods, drinks, music, movies, etc they liked. 

We're spread out north and south in the US and so there's a lot of diversity in our experiences and ideas. My mom's from the south and her side of the family leans conservative. My dad's from New England and his side leans liberal. We were all just family, though, and we got together and there was never much tension. Now, ever since Obama's second term and especially since Trump took office, the dynamics have just shifted for A LOT of families, mine for sure. Even if we can avoid political discussion (and have even made it a rule at times for family gatherings), there's just this overbearing tension in the air. 

We all know each other's views (though we arguably don't actually understand each other as much as we'd like to think) and you can see how uncomfortable everyone is. We've always had differing political views but it never seemed to be a big deal until more recently. The conservatives in my family seem more brazen, unapologetic, and ignorant that ever and the liberals seem more defensive, sensitive, and quick to judge than ever. I lean left but have a lot of nuance in my views (some are straight up liberal, some are straight up conservative, so it's hard to average them, but I live in a liberal area and tend to have a more liberal mindset overall, especially when it comes to social issues), which actually makes things really hard for me because I can agree with many different people on both sides about different things, but, that means I'm often judged harshly by both sides. At least I can sort of relate to everyone on some level and be invited into each conversation, even if sometimes I'd rather not be. 

I've recently heard some family say things that I simply can't easily forgive and certainly won't forget. Things I wish I'd never heard. Family used to feel like something I could turn to to escape all that noise. Now it's a big generator of it. I think it'll be really hard to go back to some semblance of what I grew up knowing even if things calm down politically and socially (big doubt...). It sucks.
