(TW rape)


I was involved with a married man 17 years my senior leading a double life in my teens. Even leaving out a lot of details this is a long story. 

When I met him at 15, I thought he was 23 based on the date of birth on his Facebook. Predatory enough, but it was even worse than that. He was from America and claimed to live in another European country and only came to my city for work, so we pretty much had a long distance "relationship" with physical dates every few months. At the time I had just begun to develop and get deeper and deeper into anorexia, so I was vulnerable, longing to be understood and felt unloved and lovable. On top of that, I was raped (by someone else) that summer. I assume that made it a lot easier for him to groom me. He was hot and then cold, manipulative, made empty promises etc. It was like he intentionally gave me hope that he cared about me as much as I did about him, only to treat me like crap the next day. Over the years, there were several occasions where he literally told me to stop spending time with other people because only he cares about me and I should spend all my time talking to him. 


My mother was very much against the relationship, so when we met, we couldn't hang out in my room. Instead, he'd pressure me into performing sexual acts in hidden corners in public. He didn't even invite me into his hotel room - because he was hiding me from his wife I didn't know about. A few days after my 16th birthday, he made me give him a blowjob in a park. From then on, every time we met, it was clear I was supposed to perform oral on him. And I did, because I was in love and thought we could be something. Meeting him always went like this: He'd tell me he was in town for a few days and didn't have much time, would I like to see him? He'd say he was going to call me and tell me to be ready to go and meet him as soon as the call came. I was always so excited and completely crushed when it didn't work out. So, one day when I was 17, he called me when I was in school. I happened to be on break, so I went straight to the train station to go where he wanted to meet. He took me to a park and led me to a part  with a lot of trees and bushes where we wouldn't be seen. I don't remember the details, but he pulled down my tights and tried to penetrate me anally which didn't work. All I know is he left and I had to get out of that area. When I came out between the trees and bushes, a young woman saw me and asked me if I was okay and if I needed help. I was so embarrassed and unaware that I did need help because my "boyfriend" had just raped me. There was another time he raped me anally. I remember feeling awful afterwards and I tried to piece together my emotions in writing over Skype, but he completely ignored it.

When I was 17, I tried finding information on him using things I saw in his Facebook pictures. I succeeded. That night, I learned that 1) he had been married for over 10 years 2) he was living in the same town when we first met, and did so for almost a year until he moved to another town. He never lived in the country he claimed to live in. 3) he wasn't 8 years older than me, but 17 years 4) even his name was fake. He was using his middle name as his first name, but the last name was made up.

My world came crashing down. Over the years I had noticed several inconsistencies, but I chose to ignore them. Like when we were voice chatting on Skype when I suddenly heard a female voice in the background and he hung up... I decided not to confront him with the information because I felt I was in the wrong for snooping. It hurt so much being forced to connect the dots whenever he logged out of Skype all of a sudden or when we met and he said he was too busy to spend more time with me, knowing he was going back to his wife. His wife had an online presence on social media and it was awful seeing photos of their life together while I was only good enough to masturbate for him on Skype. 

After graduating high school, my life improved, I made friends, got a job, spent time outside my room, fell in love with another guy etc. but I still talked to him. I was fed up with his lies and told him I knew everything. He didn't even apologise. He even had the gall to guilt trip me for having my first consensual PIV with someone other than him. 

I'm still not nearly done processing this "relationship". It took me a while to realise he was a predator, groomer and abuser and that an adult being attracted to a teenager is not okay. It's not okay for an adult to make a teenager undress and perform sexual acts on camera. It took me a while to realise our relationship was never equal and my consent was manufactured and based on lies. I didn't truly realise our relationship was traumatising until four or five years after it ended. It's a really touchy subject that I haven't really started unpacking in therapy because of the shame that comes with seemingly consenting to this. For years I ignored everyone's warnings and concerns. I was really defensive when it came to him and hung on to our relationship at all costs. However, I have to admit a part of me misses him, the relationship and the time. I truly loved him (or more accurately I felt what I thought was love, I guess), and when he made me feel good I felt amazing. Everything he did made me experience intense emotions when I was numb to pretty much everything outside my mental illness. I was painfully lonely due to my eating disorder and distancing myself from everyone, so the bones he threw me gave me hope for a future in which I could be loved. I believed him when he said he cared about me, and I was aware he did spend several hours a day away from his wife to talk to me. 


As to where we are at now - while we are able to communicate through text, we don't. I tried making him acknowledge the pain he has caused me, but he literally claims to have amnesia. He's not in a relationship with his wife anymore although they seem to be friendly.
