There is more to love and to life than procreation

&gt; Can you please help me identify where exactly has he mentioned ONCE that life is all about procreation? Your bringing up a point which never even existed and has no relevance to the crux of the post. Strawmans Fallacy.


Do you want children because you want them? Or because society has told you that's what good humans do? You are not less of a man for it

&gt;???? Again, where the fuck are you getting the idea OP feels less of man than he is now? I don't see him mention anywhere that he feels less of a man, does he? He has a medical condition called *azoospermia* which is associated with infertility, you go a step further and associate this with his manliness and then you tell him that he is *no less of a man* LOL? completely uncalled for.

So many hardships with adopted children arise because the parents treat them as 'lesser' children.

&gt; Nice one, would you be kind enough to provide us with evidence/source that confirms your claim? If not, then I'm calling bullshit on this.

If you truly feel the call to be a parent, then be better than that.

&gt; not only do you incorrectly ASSUME that 'most parents treat them as 'lesser' children' with no substantial proof but you ask him to be *better* than that (implying that he isn't) without giving any thought of the mental pain he's going through right now... and you have the audacity to call me insensitive and ignorant. WOW

Be a parent truly and unconditionally. But don't be a parent as an obligation to society

&gt; Do us all a favor and fuck off of here, will you? Not only are you completely incapable to understanding what this guy is going through right now. You feel the need to sprout out the virtues of parenting to a guy who just found out that he is biologically incapable of having a kid.

I have no words to describe just how insensitive and ignorant that is. 

&gt; LOL, I'm sorry that the truth has hurt your sensitivities, but it is what it is.

With the number of shitty biological parents in this country, and you fucking dare to say shit like that?

&gt; Does that change the fact he will still not be able to bear his kid?

&gt;Not only is your argument based on full of Logical Fallacies and False Premises but you also seem to be quite shallow and lacking any empathy and feel the need to shove your agenda instead of trying to console him. In all sincerity, If you are a woman, do us a favor and don't reproduce.

Lata Bitch.
