Per capita is the only way to compare countries death rates. We have less than the UK, Italy, Spain, France, etc. https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deaths-worldwide-per-million-inhabitants/.  

And you sit here and blame Trump while he was being called xenophobic by Democrats when he banned flights from China.

Even though Trump did a piss poor job in prep through Feb. and mid March you’ll find that De Blasio and AOC were telling people to go out to restaurants IN MARCH. And then you have Cuomo who sent patients back into nursing homes while infected, and stock piled unneeded ventilators and lied about it. You’ll also find the hardest hit areas are Democratic cities and states. Florida handled this quite well. 

Trump only has so much power to coordinate resources and supplies. We have enough ventilators, testing supplies, but the problem is state governments doing a piss poor job of coordinating efforts. 

Leftists on this site even fucking politicized hydroxychloroquine, who knows how much time was wasted and research slowed or prevented simply because you fucks thought it would make Trump look good if it succeeded. So it had to be wrong, which you fucks also validated by upvoting piss poor studies that proved nothing.

Then you blame the high unemployment rate when Democrats were the ones pushing lockdowns. Trump also wanted to open up soon, even if that would have been a stupid decision Democrats were still against it, so I don’t know how you can keep Trump from decreasing unemployment while also blaming him for it.

I consider myself very moderate, with a more left stance. But wholly fuck has this website opened my eyes on how the Democratic party is the party of hypocrisy. You’ll find and blame anything you can on Trump, even blaming Trump for shit that happened from stuff which people on the left supported. There is a reason TDS and Fake News aren’t just cheesy meme words anymore, Trump actually made them almost legit terms because of hypocritical dipshits like you. I consider myself a liberal but people on this site like yourself are so god damned stupid, hypocritical and ignorant that I don’t want to be associated with you, and will vote again to have Trump as president solely on the fact it pisses retards like you off.

Rant over. Sorry for the wall of text.
