A month or so after this Tweet, Vince did say Titanfall plans were being pushed out to make more time for Apex. So the whole TF plans they had were cancelled and we never really heard of it again.

I feel like people in this sub aren't thinking logically, they just see Apex as not Titanfall, which means it's a waste or something, but Respawn could've gone a very different route and made an entirely different game, not related to TF, making any chance of the series continuing next to none. But they stuck with the TF universe and decided to expand upon it and to me that just means as long as Apex is in development, then there's hope for Titanfall.

People also seem to forget that TF didn't do well from a business standpoint, it didn't sell well initially, never really made some kind of comeback like other games have and the one time the game went free and had like 100k players online, almost all those players left in a few months, which just goes to show that the game being unsuccessful isn't just to do with some unlucky release date, which everyone uses as the one and only reason that the game failed.

People are so delusional and ignorant that they can't see past this game's flaws and just the fact that this type of game isn't really meant for everyone, meaning it may never have that insane playerbase like Apex, that everyone wants.

 There are multiple examples of games like this, COD: Advanced Warfare, Infinite Warfare, Black OPS 3, Lawbreakers, etc, where people just don't like the game because it has advanced movement. People look at Titanfall and see Advanced Movement and Mechs and they think "Nah not for me", which is totally understandable.

Respawn went ahead and took Titanfall stripped away almost everything that made it Titanfall, Mechs (Titans) and Advanced Movement, made Apex and it became one of the most popular games in the world, with millions of players and see huge success for Respawn and EA.

Games like Titanfall appeal to a very niche playerbase, which means not that much success or money, but with Apex gradually introducing people to Titanfall, maybe one day Respawn can make a Titanfall game that can somehow bridge the gap between that niche playerbase and a more causal playerbase that is used to more simple mechanics.
