Wow this caught me off guard!  I really have to think about it.

As for things I wanted her to know:

I'll say first this: I wanted to show her that when it comes to relationships, including "sex" (I mean that in the largest sense), women aren't men without penises.   The right woman should understand you, love who you are (rather than who they wish you were), be there for you in the little things and the big things, have your back no matter what, truly think you're beautiful when you're just awake, when you've been crying or sick, when you've been cleaning or running or building a deck, when you're feeling like you're holding on to twenty extra pounds of water.  I think women have different criteria for beauty, at least in each other.

I think one of her favorite things, one of her big surprises, about sex, is that I'm not working toward a goal, ever.  When we're snogging it isn't preparation to move on to the next stage, which is preparation to move to the next.  She was unaware and surprised that sex could work that way.  It makes kissing an entirely different act.  She didn't like kissing with her guy but she loves when we do it.  I don't think that's 100% because now she's kissing a woman, though I guess it could be.

She's not in love with shopping quite as much as I am but she loves the togetherness and we shop together well. 

 I think the whole idea of complete mutual vulnerability is new to her, and frankly I think it may be the most important thing.  You don't open yourself up to that without complete trust, and I don't think she ever could trust a guy nearly that much.  

What I find surprising is how much less men seem to be motivated to have a total emotional connection with their partners.  Or at least that's the case here -- I confess I've never been with a guy and I expect that like women no two are the same.  But I'm not going to have a relationship where it's not going to be mostly about connection, and I think we were both surprised -- she that I wanted to have so much connection with her emotionally and me that her guy didn't.  He was very sweet, very kind, a good man.  But she didn't really connect with him the way she needed to.  I just didn't understand why you would have a relationship like that.

I was surprised that he didn't share her interests very much.  I can't understand that either.  If she has a particular skill (in this case, for example, pottery) I want to dive into it.  He just never did care that much and I think it hurt her a little.  It was just a sign that as good a man as he was he just wasn't ready to be totally into her.  

I don't know if this is the kind of thing  you're asking about.  It's such a fascinating question to me.  As you can tell I need trust and emotional investment above everything else.  So if there are other things, I'm not thinking of those right now but I would love if you have specific questions for me that I could think about.

I'm going to spend the next couple of nights thinking about this!!!
