&gt;Your history teacher severely failed you in so many ways. And while I am worried about the fact that you seem to be willfully ignorant your ability to say you don't care about others and callous attitude to real victims of violence is infinitely more depressing.

Irrelevant

&gt;Conspiring to overthrow the government and cededing from the union by declaration of war is not "joining a group I don't like" and the men honored as confederate hero's were treasonous enemies of their country, our country. They didn't just join a group, they trained and armed soldiers (poorly) to kill Americans. 

That doesn't matter. They were americans at some point too.

&gt;The definition of a terrorist is someone who through the use of violence or of the threat of violence in the pursuit of political, religious, ideological or social objectives. Acts committed by non-state actors. Sure the 9/11 terrorist were religious terrorist, but the confederate generals were political terrorist.

Again, you're doing the same thing I initially called you out on and anyone with a minimum level of education and maturity would understand how absurd and stupid that statement is. I seriously dont get how an adult (which I assume you are) can be so stupid and pity to grasp at strings and call people terrorists to further their views.

&gt;The only people who see the confederates as nobel and not wholly treasonous are xenophobic and racist.

Some of them are. Many of them are just stupid. With almost a third of the population being too stupid to even join the army, I dont see what else would anyone expect. People who are so concerned with politics (on either side, I'm referring to BLM as well as the "MAGA+diabetes" crowd) are just fucking morons. This doesnt make their views invalid or inherently racist. Almost a third of black people may be retarded, but that doesnt make BLM views not valid to me. It just makes them illogical.

&gt;Columbus was an idiotic barbarian who disagreed with accepted scientific evidence and accidentally ended up in Haiti where he raped the women and murdered pretty much everyone. If he's your example of someone worthy of recognition, you are uneducated about the actual facts or are more likely refusing to acknowledge the truth because it would hurt you arguments.

Again, irrelevant that he raped women. That's not what hes celebrated for.

&gt;Your last statement is so racist and ignorant that it honestly makes me physically sick to think another human could be so callous and hateful. But in case you want to educate yourself here's a resource to start, an article that statistically tells a story of how much more likely a POC is to face lethal assault from the police. https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/

They wouldn't be more likely to face lethal assault if they didnt commit so much crimes.
