I understand that, and I understand that what they did: Tamper with the personal items that she uses for hygiene is going completely overboard. It hurts her sense of safety in her own home and that isn't okay.

She's still young, and hasn't been through what you've been through with your divorce and raising two sons. Because of that your GF thinks it is possible to go nuclear and say she won't see them again or that they aren't welcome in her safe space.

They don't feel remorse right now, so it is your duty to sit them down and tell them that violating someone's body isn't okay, that you see that they do not feel sorry for doing it at all and that the consequences of their actions have only begun, they will get worse the longer they refuse to see the error of their ways. I won't tell you how to punish them, but I am sure you have made promises to them that could be withheld or taken away. Removing yourself from their life hurts yourself more than anyone, they'll be fine without you down the line, do you think you'll be fine without them?

I think you should also consider listening to them about their concerns and their feelings on your divorce. These are your children and your GF. The common denominator is you, so you have to do the hard work here if you want to keep them all in your life ten years down the line. You sound fed up, but unless there is a really good reason (other than you just want to be happy/over with it) then walking away from children you put into the world and promised to raise is such a cowardly option. These are people you chose to be responsible for, and you want to inflict them on us? Without trying to teach them better? 

They won't see this as a punishment for their wrongs and come around as better people, they will see you as the villain, and who can really fault them for that?

I don't think your GF goes cold for nothing, I also suspect she might be a little dramatic. Don't take BS from her just because she's hurt by this. The hurt is valid but acting like that even after you caved to her every demand, is that really normal or healthy? I understand the severity of what they did, but she's asking you to almost remove their place in your life over hair dye - this isn't a normal response and it makes me worried that she would consider this a fair punishment.

Your sons appear vengeful and unaware that these boundaries shouldn't be crossed. You have to teach them better.
