&gt; I have a healthy sex life 

You might, but how you view sex is unnuanced, unhealthy and ignorant.

&gt; Yes, you can dirty talk in a loving way,

Thats completely up to the two adults partaking in it. It doesnt have to be loving or caring, what that is or means is subjective, and what is caring and loving to you, might be completely different for other people. 

&gt; If being prude means that I'm not being degraded or in pain that sure, I can be a prude.

It doesnt make you a prude, it makes you a prude to only be able to view it in a context of abuse. It makes you ignorant and frankly childish aswell as vanilla and a prude. 

Not to find something attractive or sexually interesting is subjective and up to you, putting so much emotionally context that you obviously have no clue about, makes you a prude.

&gt; Just because I don't want to be hurt or in pain it doesn't make me selfish.

It does, because youre so childish and ignorant that you have already concluded it will bring you pain and hurt, and you have already concluded that your SO will willingly prioratize his own satisfying on the premise it will be on satisfying yours. Thats utter BS. 
It could just as much be about enjoying something TOGETHER with the person he loves, its about exploring each other in a healthy, respectful way, its about being mature and grown up and understanding that roleplay and fiction doesnt have to be personal. 

It can have hundreds of thousands of examples not just about deepthroating and anal, but doing these things in an optimal setting is JUST as much about your pleasure as it is his. If you dont enjoy these things, then thats completely fine, but the way you conclude these things to be about ABUSE, is such a toxic way to look at sex. PERIOD. 

&gt; I don't hurt my man, why would he hurt me? If he wanted to hurt me, that would be selfish.

How sad it is that you think its about hurting you, and not about pleasuring you, and pleasing you, as well as him self. How selfish and ignorant of you, that this has to be a one man thing. I dont know if its religion or culture that has made you view these things like this. But for most people sex is a two+ part act, and for most people its about pleasing EACH other. 

Anal, oral, smacking, spanking, biting, calling each other names, choking etc. etc. etc. can be an incredibly sexy and arousing thing to do between two consenting adults who are in love and comfertable with each other, its about finding EACH OTHER and PLEASING each other. If you do these things as a reasonable and sensible person, it wont hurt at all, it will be 100% about pleasure and enjoymant. 

And i want to add, that there is absolutely nothing wrong with people who actually want a bit of pain involved with sex. 

Our sensations and emotions are closely connected, and again - for mature level headed adults, this is a none issue, and the ironic part is that a bit of pain is something 95% of people enjoy during sex, without knowing you, im sure you enjoy a bit of it as well. Because we just kinda all do. 

A little squeesh, a little spank on the ass cheek, a little bite in the ear, feeling the pressure, feeling the heat of another person, youre SO on accident biting you a bit, or maybe scrathing your back from pleasure with her nails, alone the pain isnt very nice, but part of the act, the feeling of intense warmth and pleasure and pure enjoyment sprinkled with just a tinnyyy bit of heat can make all the difference, and its something ive experienced basically every person living on the planet enjoying to different degrees. 

Some straight up enjoy being choked out, some enjoy a gentle spank or two doing sex. Its just the fact that you are unable to view these things in nuances. 

&gt; I don't even know how firm hand on my tight would look like.

The feeling of your man holding you tight in his arms, his hands carrasing your back, his hands firmly on your hips, its all part of the game and the levels involved just varries. 
Im sure you are also turned on my feeling an active, strong, partner - a little spank, or a little bite is just the further development of this. 

&gt; Sex doesn't have to be rough or uncomfortable to be good

This is a sentence said by a person who have no idea what its about. No one enjoys uncomfortable sex, they do the things you BELIEVE are uncomfortable for the exact opposite reason, because they find them comfortable and pleasureable to do.

&gt; It's childlish to think that sex has to look like in porn movies.

It's childish to think that sex has to look in any specific way. And its childish to conclude sexual acts you have never tried or experianced to be what you think they are.
