Some of this is due to a disappointing lack of scientific education among the public. Looking at the average American adult, I'd be surprised if 50% could accurately label a diagram of the basic organs in the human body. Asking a typical person to imagine the cells of their body working together for a collective goal is expecting a level of biological knowledge that is simply not important or interesting to them. I'd imagine the situation is similar in most countries.

Still, OP's idea has got some things going for it. Honestly, I hadn't considered the multicellular organism idea as support for socialism either. However, I don't know if the analogy holds up to scrutiny.

For one thing, cells can't be credited with an independent will. They are chemical machines that run on a DNA blueprint, churning out proteins and absorbing matter without any consciousness directing them. They are not aware, they make no decisions, and even their primitive instincts are driven entirely by their surroundings and their DNA. Even when collected into multicellular organisms, cells are still unaware and unable to exert anything approaching will.

Humans don't work this way. We can form and break our collectives, and we can belong to many at once. We move to new places, change occupations, build relationships with other individuals, and have intellectual capacities that we still don't understand fully. We like art and music, but hardly any of us agree on what looks and sounds the best. We don't simply exist in our environment, but change it to suit our purposes (and, of course, to our own long-term detriment in some cases). 

I don't think we should simplify humans to cogs in some larger machine. That feels too capitalistic to me. If we limit the analogy to merely demonstrating a socialist principle in nature - the virtues of collective cooperation - and don't take it further than that, then I think this is useful. But it does seem to be more of a counterargument than a point that stands easily on its own though. 

For example: If socialists present multicellular life as an analogy for socialism, then we expose ourselves to critiques ranging from "What about apoptosis, do you mean that people should commit suicide for socialism?" to "If my father is a muscle cell then I'm stuck as a muscle cell forever, so this is really talking about turning us all into serfs in your commie dystopia!" Neither is an accurate picture of socialism, but those arguing against socialism are rarely interested in getting their facts straight before demonizing us.
