Thanks for your kind words. I also feel so stupid and ashamed that these things happened and I didn't think they were categorically bad. I remember them being things I didn't like, but like I said, I just thought it was my fault and my problem. 

It is super hard for me to talk about this stuff in person. I go to a dark place. I didn't even tell everything to my therapist verbally, I wrote it out for her. There is so much there still, which is why I'm wondering about a support group. One hour of therapy a week is so helpful, but still only an hour.

Re: my husband, yeah I put up a no-touching boundary a few months ago because it was getting so draining and bad. There were other things we were/are working through, also. He knows that things happened to me that weren't good—when we were first together, I said he could have sex with me while I was asleep if he wanted, that I was used to that (cringe so hard). In a recent couples session, he didn't repeat my sentence, but said that his reaction at the time was "wow, that's really fucked up that people did that to you." So he knew/knows things were categorically bad. He is trying to respect my boundary but continues to feel frustrated and resentful that I don't want to be physical and the other day when we were talking he was just going on and on about how he wanted to fuck me and do this or that, etc. and it just was honestly overwhelming. And then he's like, you're so sensitive about sex I never feel like I can talk to you about it. Ugh. In the same conversation he was like, I would feel love with that kind of passionate physical connection. And my reaction is like, ya hard pass. I don't yet feel like he's really safe to tell big things to. He has a habit of using things against me or pushing responsibility onto me for things that aren't mine. He's not malicious, just totally unaware and reactive. Only once or twice has he said, I'm so sorry bad things happened to you. The rest is, you don't know how hard it is for me to not have physical intimacy. 

Sorry another book. Thanks for listening.
