Thank you sincerely for your honest feedback! Sorry for the late response. 
I just wanted to provide a short update now that some clinics and specialists are starting to take appointments again.

1st - Medications
I decided to contact and visit a nearby clinic and GP since I was having COVID-like symptoms. After being tested (and cleared), *the GP wanted to review my medications while I was there*. 
She, like you, was concerned with the number and dosage of Benzodiazepines and Sedatives I was taking daily, and was very surprised that I was prescribed such medications long-term at such dosages. 

When I told her about my cognitive issues, fatigue and similar issues, she actually LAUGHED slightly and said she was surprised I was able to function as well as I was (probably the Vyvanse). 
She didn't change anything (apparently it's dangerous to stop or reduce dosages of such medication when taken for a long time) DID order bloodwork (interesting results...below) and made 3 refferals for:
1. An Endocrinologist (for my Hormone, Thyroid and Blood sugar levels which my Pituitary Gland, and Thyroid might not be regulating properly.
2. A Psychiatrist (for a med review, plan for dose reducation/reduction in number of meds)
3. Neurollgist (for Migraines, Nystagmus and Congenital Eye-condition which may be correlated)
4. Ophthalmologist (to asses optic nerves, eye condition, find ways to improve my congenital eye condition + see if there are possible surgeries or corrective devices for improving my low vision)

In addition, she also reffered me to the CNIB (Canadian National Institute for the Blind), therapy services, and a regional advocacy organization for people with physical, mental or developmental disabilities.
It was amazing how much they were able to help over the past month! 
I was truly surprised and unaware that there was any support for me in day to day living!

With that being said, I'll leave it off with a quick summary of the bloodwork and urine findings and what may be the main cause (besides overmedication) of my symptoms. 

Initial Blood Labs were mostly normal - great for the most part ("ideal cholesterol, no signs of heart or pulmonary stress) but Sodium Levels were abnormally low, glucose was low, creatine was low and hemoglobin was very high. 

Urine showed very low Urine Concentration, low sodium, very low urea levels and I was told it was basically "very dilute". 
I took another urine test which was spaced out 3 then 6 hours after drinking any fluids and it showed similar results. Apparently I have a rare and (unrelated) condition called **Diabetes Insipedus**. 
This condition is a result of a "miscommunication" and disregulation with my Pituitary Gland and Bladder which makes me thirsty alot of the time, and causes me to pass urine at a very abnormally high rate (apparently going 7-10 times a day, peeing steady fkr 2-3 entire minutes is NOT not normal). 
Likewise, the Diabetes Insipedus is also probably to blame for my poor sleep (getting up to pee or drink multiple times), absorption and processing of minerals and medication possibly. 

So, since the last week and a half, I've been taking a small dose of Desmopressin, which has REALLY reduced my need to use the washroom, increased my quality of sleep, reduced my need for tranquilizers and helped with my energy levels and concentration in the day as a result!

I'm really excited and hopeful to see what the future holds, and really truly amazed by how much something seemingly unrelated would make such an impact.

I'm glad I decided to go with my instinct and seek the opinion of a secknd doctor - at the very least to review my regimen of medication!
At the very worst, the "status quo" would have remained, and I would have simply cleared my mind of the matter - but on the contrary, when I felt something was not right, and multiple people on Reddit, as well as friends and family thought "I was on a lot of pills", I knew it was time to get a second look. 

Now as a result, an entire avenue has been opened to me. 
It's not a matter of "which doctor is better", but a matter of "*what* is better for me".
Once again, thank you all for your insight and honesty!

Take care, and stay healthy!
