&gt; just as much as the nazis

Did the US, Canadian, British, and Soviet governments seek to purposefully eradicate an entire group of people just because they were “undesirables”? We didn’t have clean hands but let’s not act like the Allies were literal Nazis. 

&gt; the US literally put Japanese citizens in the US into concentration camps? The same kinds of concentration camps the Germans had? 

The US putting American citizens into internment camps was wrong and we should never have done that but to compare internment camps to **Nazi** death camps is so insulting and ignorant that I can’t believe someone actually wrote this. Last I checked, the US Government didn’t have an official state-sanctioned policy of shoving Americans of Japanese heritage into ovens and gas chambers. 

&gt; holding and torturing Latin American civilians? 

Those camps at the border could obviously be better but let’s not act like they’re intentionally malicious. Where are you suppose to put a massive number of people when they’re trying to cross the border and you also need to check to see who they are and if they’re actually legit people and not trying to smuggle drugs or humans across the border? 

&gt; if you were a cop and shot a person, no matter what they’re doing, you committed murder.

So what are the police now suppose to do? Stand and let themselves get killed? 

&gt; all are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, and that everyone has a right to a fair trial.

Kind of hard to do that when someone is trying to kill you right then and there. 

&gt; Cops shooting people takes away their innocent until proven guilty, and denies them the right to a fair trial.

This is operating on the premise that everyone is a good, altruistic, noble human who wants to observe and respect the law. Newsflash; not everyone likes following the law and some of those people would willingly kill another person who’s trying to enforce that law. 

&gt; you’re *killing a human being*. so yeah. Murder. 

No. Murder requires specific, premeditated intent and purpose. You people need to stop carelessly throwing around such a strong word that has a specific definition and connotation. 

&gt; It still happens. 

So just how common of an occurrence is it though? If me and my friend decided to grab guns and have an old-fashion duel with one another, is dueling now legal and common? 

&gt; Police are corrupt to the core, and have never been about protecting the common citizens.

So that’s why cops are constantly always out there dealing with the worst of society! No wonder why cops have to deal with shit like bloody murder scenes, dead bodies, rape victims, etc. 

&gt; The police are about enforcing oppression 

Is the police gonna storm your house now for saying this? No? That’s what I thought. 

&gt; protecting the .1% 

Since when we’re common citizens part of the .1%?
