Oh great, I get to chime in here. As a journalist (reporter and producer), you are displaying a very narrow knowledge of the use and purpose of journalism.  
  
First off, in the United States (as well as many other countries), journalism is a protected right that goes hand in hand with free speech that helps to initiate the flow of information within society. Ideally, journalism is a public organization of public knowledge meant to inform those unaware and willing to seek this information and to uphold those involved with the information to the truth and fact of them. For example, a neighborhood is being plagued by a series of home invasions. It is the public's right to know, especially those living in that neighborhood. A public source of information can help keep them informed and take necessary measurements. People benefit off of learning and information.  
  
Second, information is valuable. It's a commodity. It is why countries have intelligence agencies. It can be things from as large as foreign policy issues or as small as little Suzy running a $1 lemonade stand next door. People find leaks valuable. Some people like to know what happens. You are not inclined to read them. This becomes basic economics. There is a demand for new information. Whoever provides a supply of it will reap the reward. The creators of any show know about this. This is why people who work on Marvel projects joke that a sniper will take them out if they leak information. It's hard to keep a secret under wraps when there are more people involved. That's just the truth. Marvel is willing to spend plenty of money to avoid leaks. Power Rangers cannot. Then again, you are not forced to read leaked material. You can ignore that. Stay away from places that will open you up to that. If you dont want to get burned, stay away from the kitchen.   
  
Third, your view of journalists is a narrow-minded view based on the actions of few journalists. Many of us work hard to uphold a truthful, factual, and ideally unbiased standard. But going back to economics, there is a demand for new information. You get clickbait articles, shock value stories, ignoring more interesting stories in favor of higher viewership ones, sponsored work, and ignoring journalistic ethics. Because of people like you, journalists are being barred from discussions (impacting the important flow of information), becoming misunderstood in their role in society, and are being forced to work roundabout ways to win over someone's favor just to talk to them. Putting journalists in a negative light has put us in harder positions to do our jobs in a way that doesnt make us "assholes." I've received death threats and was told that I would be beheaded for being a journalist. Not all journalists are bad, certainly not information leakers. Stooping down to calling them "assholes" and "pricks" over this is immature ad hominem. Of course it's for money, everyone has to eat, but we enjoy getting information out to the masses and educating people on fact, because knowledge is power. Again, you are not obligated to read the leaks. If someone else spoils it for you, that's not the journalists fault. The community made sure to use things like the #BeastSpoilers hashtag on twitter to keep this away from people like you.  
  
Maybe try not to call people assholes and pricks too, that's just beyond rude.
