&gt;Did the Dalai Lama ever dissociate himself from the rebellion or criticize it while they were receiving millions from the CIA and himself the 180k stipend? No.

Generally, you don't want to talk about anything which is a secrete operation...When was the CIA/Tibetan link disclosed?

&gt;Only in the 90s did he criticise it but only because he saw the US support as self serving and only after they stopped giving him money. That is damning and you know it. But do continue the naivety.

Again, we what I wrote above. 

&gt;But Gyalo Thondup, one of the Dalai Lama’s brothers, was closely involved in the operations, and Knaus, who took part in the operation, writes that “Gyalo Thondup kept his brother the Dalai Lama informed of the general terms of the CIA support.” 

Please tell me what "General terms of the CIA support means". 

From the memoir of Knaus, it is evident that the DL knew exactly who Knaus and his team was. It is also clear that the DL was ambivalent about the whole business. Kanus states, the DL imposed "a remarkably effective, though invisible, barrier between us". 

Also, he might have known about it, but does that mean he supported it? They're different things. 

&gt;I've yet to see you source shit and your argument basically amounts to "no you're wrong". Trolls these days.

Well as it is clear you want to remain ignorant and can't do your own research (Proof of your bias), I will. 


The dust jacket to the Gelders' book says: "Neither of these authors is or has ever been a member of any political party. They have made their journeys in China and Tibet not as guests of the Chinese Government but as completely independent writers." The Gelders' previous book, about the Chinese Communist revolution, Long March to Freedom, published in 1960, was very sympathetic to that revolution and established their credentials sufficiently with Chinese officials, such as Zhou Enlai, that they were chosen to tell the story of the “peaceful liberation” of Tibet. Despite the claims of the dust jacket and their affecting of an objective attitude, they were clearly leftist in their political viewpoints and they were indeed guests of the Chinese Government. They were also very obviously flattered to have been the first foreigners allowed to go to Tibet since shortly after the 1959 revolt. They were undoubtedly influenced by the treatment they received there and by the exclusive opportunity this gave them to interpret for the outside world the "reality" of Tibet. Everything the Gelders learned was through their Chinese interpreter, assigned to them by the government.



The Gelders' claim of objectivity quickly unravels when, shortly after their arrival in Lhasa, before they even began their supposedly objective inquiry, they write: In the onlooker who has never visited Tibet the self-exiled priests and lords may evoke sympathy as refugees from a happy country in which the people lived under their rule, inspired by a humane religious philosophy. The truth is that this society was a harsh and cruel tyranny in which, because they share the universal instinct for survival, the people made the best of their lot. Serfs of the European Middle Ages did no less. Jews in Hitler's concentration camps did no less. …But the indomitable fortitude and optimism of oppressed human beings in Tibet or anywhere else can only be confused with contentment by those not personally involved in their lives or who profit by such subjection and exploitation. One may wonder how the Gelders became such experts on the reality of old Tibet after only a few days of a visit to a society that had already been overturned under Chinese rule. One also wonders at the comment that only those not personally involved in the lives of Tibetans could mistake their oppression for contentment. The Gelders were not personally involved in Tibetans' lives, so perhaps they refer to the experience of the Chinese in Tibet. Their portrayals of the Chinese working in Tibet are entirely positive, while the Tibetans are portrayed as formerly oppressed and now liberated and making a new life, but still dirty and smelly. The Gelders make much of the eyewitness veracity of their own account of reality in Tibet, while dismissing the accounts of native Tibetans in exile in India. The Gelders seemed unaware and unconcerned about the fate of any, whether still within Tibet or in exile, who had opposed the Chinese "liberation."


The Gelders were so confident in their objectivity and perspicacity that they imagined they could not be deceived. However, this is disputed by at least one Tibetan who was there at the time. Kunsang Paljor was one of the young Tibetans sent to China for schooling in the 1950s. After the 1959 revolt he and many of the Tibetan students in China were returned to Tibet. He worked at the Tibet Daily from that time until 1969 when he fled to India. Kunsang Paljor revealed that a special notice was given to Tibetans in preparation for the Gelders' visit: Some foreign visitors will come to Tibet from Peking very soon. No one is allowed to talk to them without a specifically approved reason. Only Chinese officials along the route of their visit have the authority to speak to the foreigners. If there are any unpleasant disturbances the criminals will have to bear full responsibility. Everybody must wear the chuba and look happy. 7 According to Kunsang Paljor, when the Gelders arrived in Tibet many Tibetans wanted to pour out their grievances to them but were unable to do so: Because of the intense suspicion that the Tibetans might seize a chance to hint at suppressed facts of life in Tibet, the Chinese were very particular about the 13 preparations for the Gelders' visit. To this end the Chinese succeeded in leaving the visitors ignorant about the real conditions in Tibet. The Tibetans, on the other hand, felt that since the foreigners did not know Tibetan, it was difficult to tell them about their grievances even if the opportunity was available.



Chomphel Sonam, in Tibet under Chinese Communist Rule: A Compilation of Refugee Statements (Dharamsala: Information and Publicity Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, 1976), 89.



Kunsang Paljor said that the Gelders' interpreters were briefed to ignore any Tibetan who attempted to make unauthorized contact with them. He said that Drepung was reopened just for the Gelders' benefit. Thus, the ceremony there that was attended by many Lhasa Tibetans and presented by the Gelders as evidence of religious freedom was a staged event. This information substantiates the probability that their encounter with the “tall lama” was also staged. Another Tibetan, Chomphel Sonam, wrote that "during the arrival last year [1962] of some British newspaper reporters" the remaining monks of Drepung were allowed to hold religious assemblies in order to show the visitors that the Chinese were respecting religious pursuits of the Tibetans. Kunsang Paljor said that some of the "liberated serfs" with whom the Gelders spoke were semiprofessional propagandists cultivated and instructed by the Chinese in the accounts they should relate. He said that many of the sites to which the Gelders were taken were showpieces specially set up by the Chinese for propaganda purposes. He also said that the Gelders shared the typical Chinese opinion of the uncleanliness of Tibetans while ignoring many of the similarly unclean habits of the Chinese. Kunsang Paljor wrote that he was astonished upon his arrival in India to find that the Gelders had written a book in which they "had swallowed the Chinese lies and glib talk without reservation." He said that the Chinese had exploited the Gelders in order to deceive the world about Tibet and that the Gelders were nothing more than apologists for the Chinese atrocities in Tibet. He said that the "timely rain" that the Chinese brought to Tibet was a "savage flood which destroyed our religion, culture, customs and everything dear to us." And he condemned the Chinese as "in the whole world the cleverest nation at lying and deception."



Hollander, Political Pilgrims, 348.


Oh and you forgot to address this, "I’m curious as to what you think the 1959 rebellion was and who they supported and who they fought against... to say there wasn’t any support or failed support against the Chinese is just incorrect.

Please tell me what Tibetan society was like and what percent were slaves. Oh and most of the supporters in the rebellions weren’t noble or aristocratic. Additionally, it was actually many aristocrats that initially supported the Chinese. I would love to see information about your claim of the supporters being noblemen." I wonder why?
