People who think people fake depression for attention have clearly never been in that situation because then they would know that unlike when you break your arm and everyone runs forward to sign the cast, if you say you have depression people turn the other way. People who struggle with their mental health more often than not become more isolated, they don’t receive a lot of support for opening up. You also seem to think it is easy for people to get help. Thanks to people like you, many people don’t even consider getting help for fear of being viewed as an attention-seeker. If you have an ILLNESS that is eating away at you and causing suffering you need to get help. Your “attention-seekers” attitude is very harmful and you fail to see it because you’re ignorant and can’t understand how you’re stigmatising. I’m so surprised as someone who has struggled with it you are so ignorant. Were you diagnosed?? Because otherwise “people who aren’t diagnosed are lying” so you must have been attention-seeking(?). Do you realise how extremely toxic and invalidating it is now? Calling someone struggling an attention seeker is extremely offensive and will make them feel hopeless and like they’ll never be understood. “If you wanna sit on this broken arm forever and get people to sign it and talk to you I’m gonna think it’s fake” - you CLEARLY have zero clue about how to support a person with depression!!! This reeks of ignorance. Did you even go to counselling??????? A person opening up IS them helping themselves. To open up about ones mental health is a very brave act. I would have thought someone who has been there themselves would want to promote talking instead of adding to stigma and being part of the problem. Your last sentence just rounds it off as “If you talk about it I’m gonna think it’s fake.” I feel very sorry for your friends because you are so unsupportive about mental health problems, extremely ignorant and extremely judgmental. You are doing the most you can to add to stigma about mental health and you are so cynical and ignorant that you would turn the other way to people who are struggling.
