&gt; are black people being targeted/ harassed when they AREN'T breaking or haven't broken any law

sourceless claims. You're trying to attack me saying I have no way to back what I say, then go on to make claims you can't back. I can back mine.  George Floyd was dealing drugs and resisted arrest. Rayshard Brooks was drunk, took a cops taser and tried to use it on as he ran away resisting arrest. Hakim Littleton in Detroit just died after firing 4 shots at police unprovoked because his buddy was arrested for a crime. Michael Brown resisted arrest and tried to take a cop's gun from him resulting in his death. Breonna Taylor was trying to use counterfeit money just like George Floyd.  Atatiana Jefferson was killed when her boyfriend fired on cops performing a warranted search regarding drugs, Aura Rosser attacked her boyfriend who called police and was shot after being tased and still refused to drop the knife she had been threatening her boyfriend with. 

None of these people needed to die, but it also doesn't mean they were innocent people just minding their own business. I'm sure there's even other situations that lethal force was used where the person didn't do anything to deserve it. 

The point is here, is something happens that leads to interaction with police. &lt;---Common demonominator.  It happens to whites, Hispanics, Asians and so on and so forth. Still the only common denominator is police. You can't blame race when it happens by black cops and Asian cops and Hispanic cops to other races too and especially when it primarily happens to whites by whites.  We're both being killed by white cops, only we're being killed more, yet somehow to you and your woke pals it's an indicator of systemic racism becuase your tv or a subreddit says so.

If you want to solve the problem then you have to address the actual problem and it's how policing is being done.  Maybe race places a role in a few cases here and there, but that's far from systemic.  We just watched a city burn after multiple men let another man die, including an Asian man and the main man everybody wants to jail was married to an Asian woman.  He also knew George. Common sense dictates at this point with that knowledge, the odds of race playing a factor are pretty fucking low and dropping the more we learn about the details. 

Crime, then sometimes resistance and always cops....

There seems to be a pattern there does it not? But what do I know.  Mybe you can trust the word of the Bureau of Justice Statistics instead. https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/ard0309st.pdf Yeah. White Males lead in arrest related deaths. Not blacks.  You can argue blacks are a smaller portion of the population but then you won't be able explain why they're comitting the largest percentage of violent crimes either. I've seen this discussion a million times. 

People refuse to be honest and discuss this topic using factual information and in the correct context. You use facts and you're  racist, and you don't care because you're not "woke".  People want to play dangerous games with opinions and narratives and that's how people get killed. This whole bullshit woke game is tearing apart the fabric of this society. 

&gt;You want to argue and everyone who disagrees with your OPINIONS are programmed or sheep.

I tried to talk to one person, and somehow that translates to everyone. The kid tried to give me a 1960's "the Man" speech. If you don't think that's programmed I don't know what to tell you, he's 2 generations removed from it and spouting it. He jumped from one topic to a littany of political talking points using opinions of other people to reaffirm his own opinion.  He tried to accuse me of deleting posts that mods were removing. I can't even speak to how dishonest and ignorant that is, you want to defend it, go right ahead. Enjoy the warped reality you're in.  I'm over here in the real one where the actual solution is going to have to come from by facing down the correct source of the problem, not some fucking spector created by the most dishonest and biased main stream media I've ever witnessed in my life.
