Ive honestly believed this for a long time. I used to be against "Mexicans" when I was a very young teen because it was the only illegal immigrants I knew existed (god thats embarrassing to admit). I obviously see how racist and ignorant that idea was, but to be fair I was like.. 13-14 with no Hispanic or Spanish culture to teach me different (thanks Ohio). Growing older I moved to the general idea that illegal immigration was fucked, not just being Mexican. I love anyone that wants to be american and puts the effort in to become a citizen. Im not about getting an opportunity here, blatantly ignoring the laws, and not contributing to society, just stealing from it. Then the older I got, and more of the world was seen first hand (war torn, or 3rd world countries).. I realized there is a lot more to it than just immigration laws.

&amp;#x200B;

For instance, a very good friend of mine is Iraqi. He is a computer nerd and when the 2nd Desert Storm was happening, the extremists in the area would find US hired tech contractors and kill them or their family, for helping the infidels who were "invading" (btw I mean nothing by putting that in quotes other than the way it was explained to me by my friend). His sister, mother, father were all beheaded by these men and he wasnt the only one to go through this. It became an issue with the government putting these natives in danger in their own country with shit going on they didnt sign up to be apart of. After his family was killed, he denounced the Muslim religion and moved to america because they usually set up some sort of grant for these occasions. He still need to get his citizenship like everyone else, but they were given loans for small business with little to 0 apr. This is why you started seeing many middle eastern owned gas stations and delis or restaurants. Our government literally destroyed the lives of many people helping them win a war in their own country to the point where they had to leave out of safety concerns.....it was a terrible story to hear from a friend who lived through this. It also made me realize immigration is a very touchy subject, and I shouldn't have flat out opinions without knowing the reason as to why they are here.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: Friend was forced to immigrate to america after the company he worked for was found by extremists in his country to be helping US soldiers win the war. Families and employees were killed and lives were destroyed. Not every immigrant is here because they want the american dream. Some of them have lost their dreams and hope and are here because our government ruined their lives.
