I’ll rewrite it in a better way that I wouldn’t mind reading myself

When they had come into the forest of death, he didn’t expect to be fighting his teammates as well. But, the Chunin exams had been nothing but surprised thus far, so really - what else was new?

“You don’t understand what I’m going through Naruto! You don’t understand the real pain I’ve been through!” She screamed, shoving him roughly against the tree. 

He winced at the weak attack, only go quiet for a brief moment. Not understand her pain? It almost made him laugh. The way she went on and on about how much pain she suffered, and how no one seemed to understand her. 

And all of this because Ino had pissed her off.

“Maybe if you took the time to understand MY pain it’d be easier for me to get yours!” He screamed back, fists tightening at his side. 

“You both need to shut up! Everyone will be on us in seconds if you keep screaming!” Sasuke half shouted, half whispered at the two.

The truth behind his words made Naruto shake his head and start to walk off. “Whatever, lets just hurry up and try to get through this.” 

It was silent for a moment, until he heard a loud scoff come from behind him. 

“Hold it! What the hell do you mean if I understood YOUR pain then you could get mine!? Do you know how self righteous and ignorant that sounds!?” 

His fists tightened further, “Forget I said anything.” 

“No!” She walked closer to him, “Please let me know what this oh so terrible pain you have experienced is!” 

“Sakura...” 

“That’s enough Sakura.” Sasuke said, placing a hand on her shoulder, “We don’t have time for this.” 

“No! “ she shrugged him off, “I want to hear what the brat has to say! Come on, lemme hear it! Explain to me this pain.” 

For a second, he almost calmed down. Maybe it was the realization that she probably truly didn’t understand him. Or the fact that Sasuke seemed to be at least a little on his side here. But as the sting of tears welled up in his eyes, he couldn’t hold back any more. 

He turned around, her face looking at him in disgust, suddenly flinched at the sight of his tears. Sasuke’s face softened ever so slightly.

“Shut. Up.” Naruto whispered, tear filled eyes staring directly in Sakura’s, “You want me to tell you about my pain? You want me to explain to you how since day one I’ve had no family? How the entire village treats me like I’m some sort of monster? How I don’t even understand WHY I’m not allowed in certain stores?! Is that what you want me to say?” 

They froze in their tracks. Sakura’s face looked filled with half pity and half guilt, while Sasuke’s showed signs of empathy. 

“What about how all the kids at school were told by their parents not to hang around me? I’ve overheard the conversations! Is that good enough!?”

“N-Naruto I-“

“Just shut up.” He weakly ordered, turning around and wiping furiously at his eyes. “Just...stop.” 

The entire group had fallen silent, a small breeze ruffled the trees around them. Though it only took a second before Naruto’s voice had regained it power.

“Come on,” he said, walking forward into trees, “Let’s get this over with.”
