&gt; Redundancy is an element of good engineering. Monopolisation (which is the opposite) is a fundamental element of psychopathic Capitalism. You're right of course, sadly.

I'm an "engineer" who grew up with a dad who worked for Ma Bell.  I don't want to design and deploy a water fountain without it having at least one backup system (along with a bunch of AT&amp;T docs on how to use it properly).  There are some places (well, lots of places...such as incarceration as you pointed out) where "psychopathic Capitalism" is Bad[tm].  Building bulletproof systems is one of them, because they're never going to be maximally efficient from a cost perspective for the same reason that you have to legally require people to carry certain types of insurance.

&gt;  If I were him, I'd sit in the Kremlin slamming lemon Baltics with a very quiet and self-satisfied smile on my face, while I waited for America to completely socially and politically collapse by its' own hand.

Well, it might not hurt to help *guide* that hand a bit.  But why take the risk and spend the vast amounts of capital required to destroy your enemy when all you have to do is maybe give it a little nudge.

Doesn't mean they don't want to destroy us.  It just means that unlike traditional capitalists, who act like addicts who want what they want and want it now, they're content to play the long game.  They've been working on this project in earnest since no later than 1930s.  What's another 5 or 10 years between old comrades, comrade?

(I have strong feelings about capitalism, communism, socialism, and democracy that are outside of the scope of this discussion, but I really do scratch my head at the way my fellow Americans look at and approach these issues.)

&gt;corporations make money from destroying the environment, not repairing/restoring it.

Even if they don't outright make money from destroying it, they're not going to make as much if they avoid it, which goes against the tenants of Maximum Capitalism.  If it was necessary, the market would fix it, right?  Consumers would penalize firms that damaged the environment while rewarding those that worked to fix it if it mattered, right?

That's why you use your position in the market to make sure that consumers get propaganda instead of real information and aren't incentivized to make changes.

&gt; The truly schizoid element of that story, is the UN thinking that they remotely have a prayer of pulling it off.

The UN is, I don't know, the UN.  It exists as a farce unlike any other, regardless of how you feel about its mission.

It's good to look at this whole thing with a critical eye, obviously.  And human nature can be horrible.  But when people actually know each other face-to-face, they tend to work cooperatively.  Unless you're a sociopath, you're going to recoil at the idea of killing your neighbor, raping his wife and daughters then selling them into white slavery, and using his pre-pubescent sons for bear baiting if you've actually sat and had a meal or a beer with him.  This is yet another reason that our periapocalyptic community  breakdown is far more dangerous than it looks to people who are blissfully unaware and comfortable buttoned up behind the vapor barriers of their climate-controlled mass-produced suburban homes.

I think we've gone pretty far afield with this discussion, but I think you and I are simpatico in many ways and would make fine friends. 



&gt;
