Clever, but not clever enough. 


YOU said, in your OP, that you try to educate men about the nature of squirting, because its "pee". You use scientific papers and references to try and support this. So your premise is as follows : 

1. Squirting is pee (urine)

The common consensus of culture is that urine is disgusting. It is avoided save by fetishists, who are generally disliked and looked down upon. 

So the second premise that follows, from YOUR DEFENSE and position that porn including squirting porn necessarily as a classification of porn, is as follows : 

2. Urine/pee is gross. 

THE ONLY POSSIBLE CONCLUSION from these two premises is that squirting is gross. 


If you didn't mean to imply squirting is gross, then you should have recognized that what we were trying to tell you the entire time was that by arguing and trying to convince people that SQUIRTING is *literally* pee,

 (even though this is an inaccurate description, I could do a chemical test and tell you that it is not even close to the concentration of what we consider actual pee)

You are putting both women and men in a very hard place. Women, we will feel disgusted by our bodies because we cant always voluntarily control it, MEN, because they might not like urine, and therefore feel self concious about their attraction to squirting.

You are not "sex positive". Where have you said anything about us feeling comfortable with our bodies and our relationships in regards to squirting? All you have done is defend yourself from what you think are accusations, which are actually just us showing that YOU ARE NOT AWARE OF WHAT YOU ARE ACTUALLY SAYING. 

Our reading Comprehension isn't bad. You are just completely unaware and ignorant to what actually follows from what you are claiming, and how it can hurt people. 

No one cares about you hating porn. All we asked of you was to have some consideration about what you are actually saying and how it affects women.

If you don't care about that, then you can live with the fact that you don't really care about who you hurt in the process of what you say. In that case, you are not sex positive, and you are also a terrible educator.
