&gt;What we’re saying is that anyone, whether they live a healthy lifestyle or not, is susceptible to catching coronavirus

Please don't tell me you believe a healthy person that boosts their immune system daily and hasn't been sick in literally years has the same chance to catch coronavirus as someone that eats junk, has a lifestyle that lowers their immune system and is often sick??   

&gt;because they could positive for COVID-19 and spreading it to others even if they are asymptomatic and unaware that they have it.

The WHO corona task force leader literally said "asymptomatic spread is very rare". 

&gt; No amount of healthy living will protect you from contracting it.

BS.  Ww know that people with deficiencies (like Vitiman D) get it more often and much worse. 

&gt;but it will not protect you from being infected because you have no antibodies in your system to combat a new virus.

Coronavirus is not new.  For example if you get the antibody test done you will test positive if you had a cold within the last year or if you received a flu shot last year.  Just because this strain is "new" doesn't not mean it can survive in a healthy body for long.  Again asymptomatic people "very rarely" can spread it.  

&gt;The very small action of wearing a mask can stop the spread of the virus.

No it can't and the random control trials say they are not effective in stopping the transmission of airborne viruses. 

&gt;If EVERYONE wears one, regardless of their health/lifestyle choices

Absolutely false.  Improper mask use (like a vast majority does) can cause MORE INFECTION TO SPREAD.  So your comment is clearly not true because I see at least 90% of people wearing loose masks, touching/adjusting with dirty hands, reusing masks, contaminating without even knowing.  That is why the actual RCT's DO NOT RECOMMEND cloth masks.  

&gt;So no, that isn’t ‘literally the logic people are believing.’

Also allegedly the main argument is that the hospitals will be too full because the death rate on covid is about the same as the seasonal flu.  So if the hospitals being too full is the problem who do you think fills up the hospitals?  The ones that are chronically sick, not chronically healthy people for the most part.   So being healthy and having a boosted healthy immune system is about 5 million times more effective than wearing a piece of cloth on your face if you are really concerned about violating freedoms in the name of "health and well being".
