kk snowflake You are an angry retard on reddit.  You do NOT speak for the world.  But of course only a millennial would be so arragant and ignorant that think they do.  The entire world thinks the country you are now in charge of is a joke.  My generation got Obama elected.. your generation failed to beat trump.  My generation created more black millionaires that any country in history... your generation is fucking up BLM.  My generation brought more humans out of poverty than at any other time in history.  Your generation is spreading COVID faster that ANY third world nation.   

&gt;In Arizona, where drive-up sites are overwhelmed by people seeking coronavirus tests, people ages 20 to 44 account for nearly half of all cases. In Florida, which breaks records for new cases nearly every day, the median age of residents testing positive for the virus has dropped to 35.  And in Texas, where the governor paused the reopening process on Thursday as hospitals grow increasingly crowded, young people now account for the majority of cases in several urban centers.

Everyone sees your hatred and ignores you because you are literally too stupid to realize what the rest of the world knows.  Its you.. not the boomers, not gen x not the silent generation, not the greatest generation and not gen z.  Its you.    

Think about it.  The milinals have been of voting age for 20 years now...  and you are still blaming your parents.   Did i mention how stupid you look to the rest of the world.  Germans... they had boomers,, they got their shit together.  Canada.. they had boomers they got their shit together. etc etc.  The only thing different between the rest of the world and the US is that the rest of the world their "millennial" act like normal humans.  In the us the millennials say shit like "The world will celebrate the death of the boomer generation."  In the rest of the world millennials say "What the fuck happened to the US... how are their millennial so stupid the let trump get elected."
