&gt;Please show me a study that correlates victimhood mentality with a lack of self-accountability.

There isn't a studies about this because it's not really something that can be studied scientifically using statistics and scientific knowledge. There's no studies that disapproves my claim either. You can think it about yourself, if you're told all your life that you're victim, system is against you and that you cannot succeed, how it will affect you? 

&gt;Did you watch the videos? Blacks and whites use drugs at the same rates and blacks are arrested at higher rates, and I provided the source for this. The architects of the drug war have admitted that it was racist, and I provided the source for this. If you continue arguing this point I will assume you're just trolling.
Again, black people have more encounters with police because they commit more crimes. Naturally, they get arrested more often and also there comes the drug charges.

https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2016/crime-in-the-u.s.-2016/topic-pages/tables/table-21

&gt;It the cause of the trouble in black communities MUST be either 1) racial inferiority, or 2) not racial inferiority. Since it is not racial inferiority, it must be the other thing. The other thing is called systemic racism.

Wow, if we exclude option no. 1, black people's problems must be because of racism? There is no African American culture? They do not have cultural problems like every other ethnic group has? Are they somehow superior that only reason why they aren't as successful as other cultures and ethnicities is because of racism?

&gt;Sure. Can you explain the wealth gap in terms of something other than systemic racism (which includes the legacy of explicitly racist policies like the GI Bill, early Social Security, the Homestead Act, etc.)? Can you explain why a black college graduate is twice as likely to be unemployed as a white college graduate in terms of something other than systemic racism? Can you explain why traditionally white names are 50% more likely to get a callback than traditionally black names? Can you explain why black American continue to "choose" to live in polluted areas in inner cities with bad schools in terms other than systemic racism? Can you explain why blacks are over 3x as likely as whites to be arrested for drug possession even though they use drugs at the same rate?

Yes, as I said, it's cultural. Black people do not hold themselves accountable as much as other groups does and do not have the right role models. They make poorer decisions because of the culture and surroundings. It doesn't come back to systemic racism, because it's long gone and it's up to them to make their decisions and enhance their own communities. They're affected by the victim mentality which is pushed by people like you, which affects their thrive to succeed and therefore there's a wage gap, they lack the thrive that other (like the Nigerians that I used as an example) have because they're fed this bullshit that they cannot succeed because of their skin color which is not at all true. Again, employment falls into the same category. People have their prejudices, it's not racistic to have these, they're in sub-consciousness. Black people portrait themselves negatively, with the gang culture, rap music and over representation on violent crimes etc. Black people do not work hard enough to rise from their "polluted" areas and they do not hold themselves accountable and transform their communities themselves. Again, when it comes to drugs, black people are more likely to be involved with police because they commit more crimes.

Why'd I need to give you sources when you haven't given any viable sources? The propaganda you pushed me earlier had no real scientific methods behind them, they were just statements and opinions, like I've given you here. If you wanna refer to authority, you know that's a fallacy, right? I have serious doubt about your state of mind, you do not seem to be willing to argue and do not have an open mind set.

&gt;Nope, you said Indian immigrants have high incomes, not that black immigrants have high incomes. Also, income isn't wealth. Blacks with the same income as whites have significantly less wealth. Source. I care less about income inequality than wealth inequality.

So, black people tend to safe less money and that's an issue? Why on Earth would you care more about wealth inequality than income equality? This makes no sense, if one group makes the same amount of money, eventually they become as wealthy if they posses the same sense on economics. The wealthiest ethnic group is the Jews in America and they controlled most of the slave trade there. 

&gt;To reiterate, this doesn't account for the disparity in drug arrests, and the fact that the war on drugs was explicitly started to target black communities.

There's a very little proof that this was explicitly started to target black communities, you know that the source for this claim comes from one dude? How trustworthy is this statement? It isn't. 

&gt;C'mon. Appeal to authority doesn't fly. And, even if it did, there are WAY more successful black people who agree with me. So, this argument fails twice.

I'm talking about academically successful people, which aren't the ones that you're referring to. Also, you've been appealing to authority with your unscientific sources all the time. Please buy the documentary I linked you, it supports black people and will enlighten you. Only some musicians, actors and media persons can be so ignorant and unaware that they'd agree with you.
