I just don’t see her as kind hearted as you do. Good intentioned? Yes? Self centered and unwilling to work hard? Definitely. I see her avoidance of avatar state as a result of her prodigy complex, which becomes exceedingly frustrating and obnoxious in season2. She can’t learn the avatar state in a day? Guess I’ll I’ve up and use this new information as leverage to abandon my teacher for a new way out. 

Unlaq’s vocabulary the entire time was somewhat inflammatory and zealous and heavily foreshadowed his takeover of the south, and poor intentions. He very particularly leads Korra towards leaving everyone behind for him, and he exposes a truth, but after romanticising his personality. He’s honest but still telling warped truths. And basic instinct would entail one to question an opposing figure who you barely know.

Her decision making is erratic. She decides to try and go around everyone’s back and fuel a conflict, then alienating her own friends when they don’t support her erratic behaviour wholeheartedly. 

Yes tenzin’s arc is a result of this, but he still knew the important things he needed to teach her. Things Unlaq didn’t know about the avatar state that were essential to her teachings.

She consistently puts her emotions in front of her role as the Avatar (again, she already should’ve learned to control that after season 1), in a messy repeated arc that fails to live up to what her character was. She was hot headed, prodigious, and spiritually unaware, and she was confronted with a reality that she couldn’t rush in. But instead of any change from that in season 2 it just gets bad to the point where it’s painful. 

I would also like to say that she fails repeatedly under pressure and those choices that give her more control? They seem more prone to backfiring than success.

And you say that Korea chose Unlaq for his spiritualism solely, but how would Unlaq know anything about the Avatar state? Where is any logic supported by that? He never once claims to be able to do that, and that is what she should’ve been doing. That avatar state mastery would have been miles more important if she could stomach her fragile ego and just work through her conflict instead of just sending people away.

And call it intentional all you want, I’m gonna go with season 2 being just a mess from front to back. Aang had to restore her bending because they backed themselves into a corner and there’s not a single other person who could do it. It’s the biggest writing mistake in season 1, but it has nothing to do with doubling down on her flaws and making her borderline unwatchable in season 2. You would think after making a deal to duel with someone and getting captured, then almost becoming a completely useless avatar thru lack of bending because you weren’t careful, you would not blindly put yourself in a position where you were vulnerable because you feel you’re invincible and morally right. But she does and she never remotely questions things that should be basic. WHY is there a seal only the avatar can break? WHY does this man show up and preach like a liars’s pastor, etc. She’s completely oblivious to whatever isn’t right in front of her to the point where it’s ridiculous. Not putting yourself in risky positions because of twisted politics was absolutely a lesson of season one. Or at least it should’ve been. 

You keep talking about her insecurities, but that doesn’t make any sense either. If someone kept exploiting my insecurities I wouldn’t perpetuate them. I would look inwards to find the reason for these problems and deal with them, which is really common human sense. And something air nomad culture is good for. 

Korra doesn’t treat the people around her as human, and chooses the seemingly flawless new figure against all those who helped her before. 

She may even be nervous because of the last season, but if she was nervous wouldn’t it make sense to question another zealous politician? 

And I disagree with your lesson in book one, because she got burned  in book one for standing without thinking. So how could that be a new thing to book 2? 

I do understand her character, she feels vulnerable in the bigger world she wasn’t exposed to, that’s present from episode one of the show, but that doesn’t explain some poor writing decisions that go against genuinely basic human instinct and common sense for the purpose of plot devices. 

Also I’m pretty sure the only thing Tenzin lied about was who decided she should learn from a compound, saying it was aang when it was really them. 

And I think you should rewatch early book 2 episodes, because his (Unlaq’s) behaviour and attitude is not that of a good man. Spiritually aware? Yes. Trustworthy? Maybe not so much because he acts exactly like Tarlokk in the political archetype he upholds in the beginning. He does pick and poke repeatedly and create a sense of superiority towards the southern tribe she grows up in, a  red flag in my book for someone whose supposed to be the avatar and not support zealous powers. Yes Tonraq and Tenzin admit to being wrong, but Unlaq creates stress points and time ultimatums like “you have to come now”, etc that place her under a nuanced pressure that I couldn’t stop relating to Tarlokk’s attitude. Korra was being played from the beginning, and Tenzin/Tonraq were both his pawns. Unlaq does not give Korra time to think on these problems, and Korra no longer gives them human traits, and simplifies them down to unworthy.

I would also like to say that she certainly wasn’t mentally ****** because of her parents or Tenzin, at Keats I don’t see it that way at all. Being sheltered has little to do with her by the time season 2 starts, and she certainly wasn’t ****** in season one by it. 

I can see some of what you say as intentional, but more often than not it seems like writers failures to establish a cohesive plot after season 1 ended because they painted themselves a corner.
