Dancers heaved in laser slathered frenzy far below the lighting scaffolding of the arena. From their high perch the Masters Entertainment personnel, dressed in the stage appropriate jet black, breathed deeply luxuriating in the fervent mix of emotion and pheromone that rushed up from below. Flecks and moments of the lives of the supplicant humans below flashed through Esther’s mind, a particularly good bowl of soup still tasted, the salty lips of a lover, the feel of the soft fur of a Vagan RealPet™ under a hand, warm evening sunlight on the skin. Whirling and whirring they suffused her and consumed her just as she fed on them.

“Whoa there newbie. You take a tumble down there and you’ll sour the mix.” A large hand came down on her shoulder. Nobel smiled at her, his white teeth gleaming under his dark skin. “Their enjoyment, their entertainment comes first. The Covenant demands it.” He shook Esther’s shoulder a moment and the hedonistic fog cleared from her head. 

“The Covenant…” Esther’s voice was lost in the violent rumblings of the song changing down below. Neon pink threw everything into stark relief and elation surged up, making her light headed. She let herself be guided by Nobel’s firm hand, along the gangway and into an opening in the wall of the boxy dancehall. The assault of light and sound cut away, leaving Esther with ears ringing and spots dancing in her vision. 

Nobel stretched, trying to ease the tension in his shoulders, he’d caught a whiff of a problematic person below. Someone with intent to ruin the good time that sustained his brethren come coworkers. He eyed Esther, questions bubbling around the corners of his mind. She was a head and a half shorter than him and possessed a build not at all in his opinion suited for Security work. She had the look of some sort of model, more apt to be dancing on the stage below than handling the baton and pistol strapped to her harness as his own were. 

“What made you decide to join Security anyway?” Nobel asked, leading the way to the lifts down to the dancefloor. 

Esther tilted her head and rolled her eyes, she’d been asked this question every single day of her induction. “Because I want to be a SheepDog, because I’ve always wanted to be a SheepDog. Because protecting the flock means we all get to eat.” She bristled, her dark green eyes glowing slightly in the dim lighting of the corridor. 

Nobel nodded, all good reasons. The pair piled into the small two person elevator and Nobel smiled again, his new partner seemed to be more of an attack dog than the herding sort. *Fitting*. Nobel thought to himself.  Motus-Victus, a branch of Humanity twisted into being forced to feed upon those who would become their flock by the nebulous evil that had masterminded the two Fantasy Wars. Saved from extinction by the enigmatic Ensurgeon and given a place within his grand order. He took them, as wolves from the wildlands and fed them. Not in the way they had once fed, in riots of blood and violence, but in the way that their bodies demanded to be fed with pheromone and empathic parasitism. The wolves became the guard dogs enshrined in a subsidiary of the Librio Conglomerate, Masters Entertainment, a firm staffed entirely by their kind hosting the biggest and best concerts, raves and events on any of the Plates. 

Events became feeding grounds, bottomless troughs to sate even the largest of appetites. Their flock would give away what they needed, unaware and unknowing, even paying Masters Entertainment for the privilege. Thus when the children of the MV came of age they would join the company, either as Security, Sales, Planning or Public Relations. Colloquially known amongst their kind as the SheepDogs, Hounds, WorkingDogs, and Lapdogs. 

The elevator doors slid open and the sounds of the dancehall reverberated in Nobel and Esther’s chests. Shrugging on their carbon black jackets emblazoned with SECURITY front and back the pair dove into the crowd. Deftly weaving through the crowds Nobel’s voice whispered through Esther’s communication package. 

\`You’re looking for the smell of a predator, hot iron, blood.\`

Esther paused and the crowd undulated around her. Searching with her eyes and her nose through the milieu of flavours surrounding her. When she found it, it lanced through her nose sending electrical shivers down her body.

\`There, he’s heading for the stage.\` Esther shot back, her legs already pumping.

From the stage Sudo watched the crowd, hips swaying, body on autopilot as she performed her set. A notification pinged in the corner of her vision. A security alert, pattern B, Security in pursuit of an undesirable element. Inwardly she smiled as the lighting pattern changed, switching over to Secure Pattern B, strobe lights blasted harsh white light across the crowd reducing all motion to a slideshow of moments.

Esther, practically on all fours slithering through the crowd at top speed.

Nobel disrupting the edges of the crowd with his bulk.

Sudo’s silent communication with her DJ brought the tempo of her song higher and higher, her voice soaring through octaves as the crowd surged in response. The slideshow continued, smoother now as the flashes accelerated. Sudo loved this part. 

The deviant had reached the front of the crowd, staring at Sudo. 

Nobel rounded the crowd control barrier, baton in hand,  his deep olive skin shining grey in the harsh lights. 

Esther completes a 270 degree turn around a clump of screaming fans.

Sudo’s song reaches its crescendo.

Esther comes up from below the deviant, eyes shining even in the dark.

Nobel has a fist full of shirt.

Darkness.

All three are gone in the few second interval of the song change. Sudo smiles, gathering herself to whip her fans into an even greater frenzy.

Later, Nobel and Esther watch the Plate Security Forces van round a corner. Night had fallen since the event began and a fine mist of rain drifted lazily upon the cool air. Both of the SheepDogs steamed slowly under it, wafts of vapour winding upwards under the sodium haze of the lighting at the rear of the complex. It had been a short hunt, the troublemaker looking to ruin the night for everyone by putting unneeded holes in their stage performer. 

“I get it now.” Nobel laughed, with a slap on Ether’s back that shook her footing.

“Get what?” Esther asked, back still vibrating slightly from the adrenaline running through her.

Nobel fixed Esther with a stare. “It was impressive, your hunt. You’ve just got to run haven’t you? You were smiling the whole time. No nerves, no hesitation, just perfectly there in that moment.”

She was still smiling, Esther realised as she wiped at her mouth in a vain attempt to grasp at the kind of stoicism that came naturally to Nobel. “I… yeah. Always have.”
