&gt;How are they not?

You made the claim not me. It's not on me to disprove your nonsense. Put up or shut up. Preferably the latter.

&gt;We are talking about the success of our species, not our success at environmental preservation.

&gt;All the responses so far have missed this and are conflating the two.

No the two are intrinsically linked, a successful species is one that survives and thrives. A species that lasts a long time geologically is a successful one. A species that explodes onto the scene very rapidly but then dies off just as quickly if not quicker is not a successful one. Think of it like a company. A company that lasts for 100 years is a successful one, a company that makes a big splash but sputters out and folds is not a successful one.

&gt;We are in a thread about AGW specifically, again, you are conflating the health of the environment with that of our species.

The two are intrinsically linked. We are not two separate systems. What happens to one will effect the other.

&gt;We need housing and food, that's cities and farms.

That's just restating your premise.

&gt;Please, separate your ideals about how we should be treating the earth, that I agree with, from our obvious success as a species.

Dismissed. Tripe. You have done nothing but baselessly assert we are successful and also assert that the success of a species is somehow separate from it's capacity to maintain its own environment which it needs, in order to survive.

&gt;We don't need the forests, either, they don't feed us, or clothe us, or house us. Farmed woodland for construction, yes, wild woods, surplus to our survival.

Yes we fucking do. They provide climate regulation, help generate rainfall, regulate local temperatures, are home to the animals we use to survive, are important weather buffers and provide timber for firewood and construction. You are so poorly informed it hurts. Stop talking. You should be embarrassed. Timber farms are the worst, the damage the local environment and don't provide the necessary stability required. natural woodland is more beneficial to human kind than timber plantations.

&gt;Slash and burn agriculture was part of the path to where we are now.

And it's destroyed countless civilizations, it causes desertification and drought. It's caused long term harm for short term gain for many, it's never given long term success.

&gt;My friend, every negative environmental impact we've done to the earth has been a boon for us as a species.

Oh stop preaching. It's wiped out and set us back centuries. Not been a boon. Think of how much more we could accomplish if we didn't have to deal with climate change. Think of how much time and energy we'll have to waste fixing our lazy, ignorant and wasteful practices for decades to recover what we can so we don't cause catastrophic collapse of civilization.

&gt;From the perspective of the earth, not us as a species.

No. As a fucking species.

As a species. The plow has caused the collapse of so many breadbaskets you you'd run out of fingers counting. Chemical fertilizers are poisoning the rivers and seas killing vital fishing grounds; speaking of fishing grounds gill-nets and trawler fishing has caused the collapse of innumerable fish stocks world over. Reckless and poorly thought out grazing has destroyed kilometres of fertile grasslands. The removal of mangrove forests to clear shipping lanes along coasts has caused untold amounts of unnecessary flooding damage to coastal regions. 

You're the dunning Kruger effect to a tee. So utterly vapid and stupid and ignorant that you think you're Albert fucking Einstein. 

So no, you haven't hammered it home. You've just painted a bigger D on your dunce's hat.

So I say again. 

Citation fucking needed.
