his point of view is so sexist and ignorant, that nothing he does is reasonable, even trying to see things from his point of view he just isn't reasonable at all because to him making people behave the way he wants them to trumps acting towards his goals, it's nothing but ego. He could have kept the ship,Althea, and wintrow happy by letting wintrow go back to the monastery, bringing Althea aboard but making her act properly as a crewman instead of just taking up space and probably costing them higher wages to a mate who didn't get a proper room. None of that would have gotten in the way of his supposed goal of fixing the family financially, but his real goal wasn't so reasonable, his real goal is to make everyone act the way he thinks they should, and that just isn't reasonable.


"Practical head of eccentric and irrational family"


Ronica is not eccentric or irrational, Kyle only sees her that way because he's a sexist piece of trash. He makes no effort to understand why the traders do certain things so he labels them as irrational, he is willfully ignorant (plenty of people try to explain things to him, such as the liveship, but he chooses to ignore them).


"Althea and wintrow were just spoiled teens in the beginning".


I absolutely cannot agree with this, Althea sure, but wintrow was not spoiled, wintrow was 100% in the right in all of his interactions with his father. Wintrows father is the spoiled one here who expects to get whatever he wants and has a tantrum when he doesn't. Wintrow was forced to give up his entire life to satisfy his parents will for him to be a priest, that's right parents, Kyle had a say in it too, but he decided that giving away his son wasn't worth the effort of arguing with his wife, Kyle is an adult and this was his own choice and yet he takes zero responsibility for it. Then he expects wintrow to give up his entire life AGAIN, but this time wintrow has already made a commitment/vow/promise whatever to Sa, wintrows life isn't his to live for himself anymore, Kyle again makes no effort to understand this and can't understand why wintrow isn't grateful when he's being offered a ship...except the tiniest effort to understand from Kyle would make it obvious that no ammount of property or wealth has value to someone who is trying to live for Sa and not for themselves. He then hits wintrow so hard that he knocks him out (he could have killed him!) When wintrow is simply explaining things calmly to him.


"Ephron was stupid for not reading in rain wilds goods"


Just another example of Kyle's wilful ignorance, he could understand this better if he made an effort to understand, he isn't willing to learn because he's already made his choice.
