I am here to have a healthy conversation about this; I have not come into this with hostile intentions. Yes, this is mainly something I have reposted from another thread, and I am adding onto it. And if I come off as smug, smarmy, or otherwise hostile, please let me know.

The big thing about this whole debacle is that its a trans slur because stupid people aren't utilizing it properly. It is both a slur and not a slur at the same time - lemme explain.

'Trap' is a fictional trope used to define a character set explicitly in one gender that utilizes features such as clothes, expressions or mannerisms of another, to force a separate character or viewer (which is most likely the same gender as the 'trap,' depending on the target audience) to question the validity of their sexual orientation. I have recently heard an idea that a character falling under this term is eventually forced into revealing their true gender on a later date - if you have examples of this throughout Japanese media, then I would love to have a look at them!

Continuing, it is not specifically a trans slur because it has no involvement of someone who is trans. It's like trying to starting a campfire with no wood, tossing a lighter in a pit, and saying that said bonfire is, in fact, lit. The wood, being trans, is nonexistent. It's not there. You cannot say you've started a fire because you've thrown the lighter, being 'slur,' into an empty fuelless pit, being 'trap,' with no wood in it. The 'trap' IS the opposite gender than it is presenting. They have not transitioned from one gender to the other. The term 'femboy' or 'feminine boy' does not work, for they do not necessarily have to be feminine. It'd be like saying that because one sport involves a stick hitting a ball, that must mean said stick should work in other outdoor games. Terrible analogy, but I hope you get the picture. The term is more on par with, say, 'crossdresser,' and 'trap' is just the weeaboo, nerdy variant. But because the word is still new, it's complicated, and 'crossdresser' may not work... It's weird.

The problem arises when dipshits use it against trans people because they can't tell the difference between fiction and reality, and use it in the scummiest way possible, creating a divide between communities. I'm saying fuck those people. The word and idea of 'trap' are not normalizing hostile thought processes towards trans peeps. I love em'; they are what they are. A man who has transitioned to a woman is, in the end, a woman, no matter how hard sick fucks try to exclaim that they're not, or that it's a 'trap' because they do not, and are not willing, to understand its meaning. Those people are using it with malicious intent in mind. Once again, fuck those people.

By attempting to ban the word, it will only instill dissonance between LGBTQ+ and anime, causing the peoples who have previously used the term against trans people to find a new expression, and the people saying that it is a slur to have an increased sense of moral superiority. Neither are in the right here. The deafening minority in both communities are inciting hostility because they do not comprehend the differences. On one end, the uneducated pompous (possibly trans) people believe they have sufficient knowledge to understand that the term is a slur, while ironically refusing to listen to other trans members of their community saying that it isn't. The knuckle-dragging pieces of human filth on the anime side using the term willy nilly on trans peoples are an annoyance, garnering more hate for the said unharmful term when they don't represent the anime community.

I need to drive the point into your noggin that this term does not incite violence, and does not harm others. Words do not kill others; people kill people. And no, this unharmful trope won't harm others. And the same goes for other topics as well. Shipping two characters will not hurt something nonexistent. Rape victims can have rape fantasies, and that's healthy because it is fantasy. And if people want to use that term to define who they are, they should be allowed to do so.

Before I finish this off, here are a couple of general quotes regarding 'fetishization' by random people on the internet, since I couldn't fit this anywhere else. I'm sure someone will attempt to use the term 'fetish' in some fashion, so here you go.

* "Fetishizing is when you view a person or group of people as acceptable only when their existence serves YOU."
* "Wish that people understood that fetishism means "dehumanization to the point of reducing a person to their sexual traits without an understanding that in real life these people don't act/look this way" and not a person enjoying fetish content/creating niche fetish content. If your relationship with porn and sex is so immature and unaware that you can't grasp the concept that you shouldn't use porn as a way to teach people how to perceive the real world/real people, you shouldn't be inserting yourself into conversations about sex, kink and fetish."
* "Here's a fun one. "MLM is bad because it is a fetish." Said the person treating it like it is only a fetish."

TL;DR, 'Trap' is a trope whose entire purpose is to make another person question their sexuality. It isn't a trans slur because 'trap' does not correlate anything trans whatsoever. It is still a trans slur, though, because people are misusing it. This trope will not cause others to harm other people.

Also: I think Felix should be considered trans, but you know, to each their own! Headcanon and all that.

Edit: inb4 someone says "I'm not reading all that lmao, go fuck yourself transphobe".
