You’re forgetting that in that same passage it’s theorized that multiple Wars in Heaven were fought. Additionally the paradoxical nature of Slaaneshi daemons existing prior to Slaanesh being born was addressed in the same place and doesn’t invalidate the point that once the Chaos Gods attained sentience they’d **always** existed. Their very existence is paradoxical. But at the same time we know that the original three gained their sentience during Earth’s Middle Ages due to humanity (at least in the old lore). Which means there wasn’t a high enough quantity of psychic energy to attain sentience before then. 

The Great Game is 100% an arms race. They treat it like a game, but that doesn’t discount their desire to extinguish each other. Khorne tried to kill Slaanesh during the birth, and couldn’t because the Eldar gods had already been devoured, and Slaanesh’s power was equal to Khorne’s. That’s why Chaos undercuts each other in when one is in ascendancy. It’s why they decided to band together and select a mortal champion to contest the Emperor all together. Because it couldn’t be a solo endeavor they all had to contribute.

A quiescent warp is is inferred by multiple accounts of the Dark Age of Technology. The lack of daemon activities in the listing of foes by both Aeldari and Human constructs of the time coupled with the sudden and catastrophic downfall of humanity caught unaware and unprepared for daemonic forces. Which isn’t to say the Chaos wasn’t working in the material realm at the time, but it wasn’t operating at a Horus Heresy level for sure. In fact the Emperor believed that Chaos wouldn’t be a major factor during the Great Crusade until the scattering of the Primarchs occurred according to Malcador in *Buried Dagger*

The Sons of Horus were surprised by Samus, but other Imperial forces of a concurrent time said the exact same thing about daemons when encountering them, describing why warp travel was dangerous, and basically acknowledged there was life of a sort in the warp. There’s been multiple references throughout the HH to that effect to the point where that seems to be the official though not a topic of polite conversation pre-HH belief. This wasn’t because daemons were unexpected, rather that there was no uniform identification, and probably very little record keeping about them. Unknown xenoform is a nice catch all for an atheistic Imperium. 

I’m taking the Emperor’s plans at face value for an ascendant humanity. Specifically his comments that the Eldar didn’t go far enough along their path and were brought to ruin and other goals he laid out. It explains more of his actions than trying to ascribe wild theories and inferences. He said he wanted to beat Chaos, it’s the most logical way to do it. 

It’s not a lie of omission either. The Emperor directly pointed out the danger, but didn’t expound on the details like some wanted. It’s like saying to a child don’t touch the stove, you’ll get hurt, the kid asking why, and telling to just not touch it. Sure you could explain burning, heat, hell you could get into the physics of energy transfer on the atomic level. But it wasn’t a lie of omission because you didn’t describe it in detail. Maybe a shitty parent though. 

But this is all wildly divergent from the original part about the Emperor’s rationale to ban religion. Chaos encourages corruption of religion to their own gain as you yourself stated. The reason the Emperor banned religion in the Imperium was to thwart those attempts.
