1. It's OUR problem. The fact that you still say its not your problem but "you and yours (as in everyone else but you)" is again displaying mentality issues.

2. Again, you haven't traveled enough if you think a supervisor is always over there. Oftentimes even if they are, it could take over an hour before they show up. Hence why these students are held up in isolation. Last year we had a student in Hualien, held up for 3 hours (until nearly midnight) in LAX before someone could come in and figure it out. She caught the very last bus to her hotel by the skin of her teeth.

3. They do and they still get confused. What's easier? Reforming the entire world's immigration departments and all the airline agents from getting confused because of what we put on our passports? Or is the problem better solved by just fixing our passports? 

4. People think the airline and immigration industry is this well oiled machine. It isn't. It's archaic. There's no notification system that tells everyone what's going on. When Japan suddenly decided to not let transits to China from their airports due to COVID a couple of months back, people were caught unaware and stuck. There was no international notice or database, everyone had to fend for themselves as did every nation and every airline. There is no singular global database or notification system for this.


**It's the KMT mentality that the entire world should change for us instead of the other way around which is why the ROC is in the state it was today.** Lets again use the UN as an example: if the ROC had taken another name and gone for a two state solution in the UN in 1965, we'd still be in the UN. But they couldn't accept that and fought until they lost enough allies to have a chance by 1970 and in 1971 they were going to get voted out of the UN. This isn't even really speculative, it's according to KMT diplomats and their memoirs. ROC ethno-nationalist mentality doesn't have room for solving problems effectively especially problems that come out of their own stubbornness.
