On November 13, 1930, over tea in the magnificent Cathay Hotel, Ursula met a woman who would change her life. Agnes Smedley was America’s most famous radical left-wing woman novelist, the acclaimed author of Daughter of Earth, a bestseller the previous year. Smedley never espoused a coherent philosophy, for hers was the politics of anger, a scattergun rage against the capitalists, mine owners, imperialists and colonisers who kept the poor, the non-white and the working class enslaved. She had no time for political theory: “Who cares if I read all that trash? I know who the enemy is, and that’s enough.”

Smedley supported communism without considering what communist rule involved in reality. She was passionate, prejudiced, charismatic, narcissistic, reckless, volatile, loveable, emotionally fragile and uncompromising. She considered sex degrading, but was an enthusiastic advocate and energetic exponent of free love. “Out here I’ve had chances to sleep with all colours and shapes,” she wrote to a friend, shortly before meeting Ursula. “One French gunrunner, short and round and bumpy; one 50-year-old monarchist German who believes in the dominating role of the penis in influencing women; one high Chinese official whose actions I’m ashamed to describe; one round left-wing Kuomintang man who was soft and slobbery.” Agnes was everything Ursula admired: feminist, anti-fascist, an enemy of imperialism and defender of the oppressed against the forces of capitalism, and a natural revolutionary.

She was also a spy, who had been recruited by Soviet intelligence in Berlin the previous year.

[Kuczynski in 1936](https://images2.imgbox.com/7b/14/aabootwm_o.jpg)

Ursula was five months pregnant, and unaware of her new friend’s covert activities. She did not know that Agnes’s handbag contained a loaded pistol. She knew only that she had found a sister of the heart.

Immediately after their first meeting, Agnes sent a message to Moscow requesting permission to arrange the recruitment of young Mrs Hamburger.

Three weeks later, Agnes told Ursula to expect a visit from someone she could “fully trust”. At the appointed hour, the butler announced that “Mr Richard Johnson” had arrived, and ushered in a man of about 35. Ursula was immediately struck by his extraordinary good looks: “A slender head, thick wavy hair, his face already deeply furrowed, his intense blue eyes framed by dark lashes, his mouth beautifully formed.” The stranger had a pronounced limp and a strong German accent. Three fingers of his left hand were missing. He radiated charm and danger.

His real name was Richard Sorge. He was Agnes Smedley’s principal partner in espionage and her current lover, the most senior Soviet spy in Shanghai, an adept seducer, and an officer of the Red Army intelligence service.

Ian Fleming once described Sorge as “the most formidable spy in history”. Despite being German, communist and approaching middle age, in 1930 Sorge bore a distinct resemblance to the fictional James Bond, not least for his looks, appetite for alcohol and prodigious, almost pathological womanising.

Years later, Ursula recalled her initiation into Soviet espionage.

Having received Ursula’s assurance that the house was empty save for the servants, Sorge carefully closed the door to the sitting room, and sat beside her on the sofa.

“I have heard that you are ready to support the Chinese comrades in their work?”

Ursula nodded eagerly.

“You can still refuse without anyone holding it against you.”

Implicit in Sorge’s question was a threat that if she opted to play her part now but attempted to back out in the future, it would be held against her in a way that might be very unpleasant indeed. She insisted she was ready.

Sorge smiled. Her contribution would be strictly logistical, he said. Her apartment would be used as a safehouse, where Sorge could conduct meetings with revolutionary comrades fighting the Chinese nationalist government. She would let the visitors in, provide refreshments, warn if anyone approached the house, and otherwise stay out of the way.

Ursula was now living a double life: one with Rudi, as the wife of a colonial official, dull, dutiful and comfortable; the other with Sorge, Smedley and their communist collaborators, a thrilling existence of secret meetings, comradeship and intellectual stimulation. Her husband knew nothing of her secret activities.

On February 12, 1931, Ursula gave birth to a boy: he was named Michael.

One of the first visitors was Richard Sorge. As she would throughout her life, Ursula felt the conflicting pull of espionage work and her maternal instincts, “partly embarrassed to be involved in such private matters as having babies, and partly proud of my little son”. Sorge brought flowers. “I led him to the baby’s crib,” Ursula wrote. “He bent over and gently pulled back the quilt with his hand. For a long time he looked at the infant in silence.”

From Sorge’s ruthlessly pragmatic perspective, little Michael was a complication, but potentially an asset. He was ideal cover. Who could possibly suspect that a first-time mother with a newborn baby might also be a spy?

[The railway bridge at Great Rollright – Kuczynski had a ‘dead drop’ site in the root of the fourth tree on the left beyond the bridge](https://images2.imgbox.com/fc/14/GHMHKCqO_o.jpg)

On a beautiful summer morning, when Michael was almost six months old, Ursula received a telephone call from Sorge, not to arrange another meeting, but with an altogether different proposition. “Would you like to go for a ride on my motorbike?”

Sorge was waiting for Ursula on the city outskirts, astride an enormous black Zündapp Flat-twin K500 motorcycle. He showed her how to put her feet into the footrests, and told her to hold on. Then they roared off, at breathtaking speed. Sorge was a fantastically reckless driver. Soon they were beyond the city limits and flying through the Chinese countryside, past paddy fields and villages, Ursula’s arms tightly wrapped around Sorge. “Thrilled by his breakneck driving, I urged him to go fast and faster.” Sorge accelerated, and the motorbike seemed to take off. Ursula was in a state of petrified ecstasy.

“When we stopped,” she later wrote, “I was a changed person. I laughed and romped about and talked non-stop.” Her anxieties seemed to evaporate. “Shanghai’s detested social life was forgotten, as were the constant pressures to conform to etiquette, the responsibilities of clandestine activities, and the unnecessary worries about my son… I was no longer afraid.” Many years later, she reflected: “Perhaps he had only arranged this ride to test my physical courage. If, however, he had been seeking a way to establish better contact between us, he had gone about it the right way. After this ride, I no longer felt inhibited.”

Sorge understood the seductive power of a fast motorbike. Ursula shared his love of risk. He was undoubtedly testing her, though in a way that was more emotional than physical. Exactly when Ursula Hamburger and Richard Sorge became lovers is still a matter of debate. Years later, when quizzed about her relationship with Sorge, Ursula replied obliquely: “I was not a nun.” Most sources suggest that their relationship ceased to be platonic soon after this exhilarating motorbike ride, and quite possibly somewhere in the Chinese countryside outside Shanghai that very afternoon.

A housewife-spy, Ursula had hitherto stood on the periphery of Sorge’s network, keeper of a safehouse, a discreet enabler. With their newfound intimacy she joined Sorge’s inner circle, a trusted lieutenant in the conspiracy, a partner and confidante.

In his messages to Moscow, Sorge allocated Ursula a codename: “Sonya”.

There was a song, popular in Shanghai’s nightclubs: “When Sonya is dancing to a Russian song, you can’t help falling in love with her… Even Vladimir is crazy about her, sets aside a glass of vodka, just to see Sonya...”

The codename carried a significance only Sorge and Ursula understood.

After training as a radio operator in Moscow, Ursula Kuczynski was deployed to Japanese-occupied Manchuria, with her young son in tow, to run the underground communist networks battling the Japanese with the help of another communist spy, a Lithuanian seaman named Johann Patra. When the communist network was betrayed, she was forced to flee, already pregnant with Patra’s child. In 1938 Agent Sonya returned to Moscow, where she was presented with the order of the Red Banner, and given another, even more dangerous assignment: with Europe plunging into war she was ordered to go to London, where her family had fled from Nazi persecution, and then move to neutral Switzerland and set up an espionage network inside Nazi Germany.
