&gt;Redpillers, incels, PUA, and what have you tend to treat women as some arcane other species that have sex just to spite you individually, and must be tamed and harvested as a resource for social clout using a set of tricks and tactics.

And on the other hand, bluepilled men, whiteknights, simps and Nice Guys and what have you tend to treat women as some other species that are morally superior to men, mostly infallible, more enlightened in their mate choices than men are, more mature than men are, must be protected, provided and sacrificed for etc, and as such, women's approval is made the measure of a man's worth.  This is an equally unhealthy view of women to hold. But this is the premise that most of mainstream society encourages and reinforces.

&gt;It really helps if you try to seek out relationships with women that aren’t just about seduction and sex to see other sides of them. This is hardly an “ineffective strategy,” as for one it’ll show you that not every interaction with women falls under a battle of the sexes framework, and the more people you meet and develop healthy relationships with, the more you can dispel harmful stereotypes.

This is a good example of what I'm talking about. While it's true that not all interactions with women fall under a "battle of the sexes" framework, some interactions definitely fall under that framework and it's not good to be caught unaware and unprepared when they are. While developing relationships with people can help to dispel negative stereotypes, it can also help to *reinforce positive but still incorrect stereotypes*, simply because you like that person, and are willing to accept/come up with whatever rationalizations they have to explain away problematic behavior. Like, for example, the myth that women are not exactly as shallow as men are and are somehow "deeper" about what they find attractive in men.

To be more blunt, what I'm reading in between the lines of the advice you're giving is that getting to know more women in platonic ways is a good way to combat attitudes that you see as problematic and negative towards women in the manosphere.

But just because a man has a rosy, flattering view of women doesn't mean that that view is correct, helpful or even benign towards him. It's the same gynocentric imperative that you see in the bluepill and in the larger mainstream society: It doesn't matter that men get hurt, only that women are never offended.

&gt;It may help you get laid, but it is unlikely to cure the loneliness, insecurity, and existential dread of having never come to terms with the intricacies of the opposite sex, and probably won’t net you a woman who is consistently excited to wake up next to you in the morning.

Realistically, you can't have the second without the first though, yet that is the strategy that the blue pill pushes, because the blue pill assumes that you are automatically attractive enough to achieve the first without trying.

It's logically absurd to think that you can somehow "net a woman who is consistently excited to wake up next to you in the morning" if you can't get that woman to go to bed with you in the first place.
