&gt; This is not "abuse apologia". My post is intended at recognising that people forget that James had redeeming qualities, just like Snape. 

This post is textbook abuse apologia and victim blaming, and even includes victim blaming and profiling *a 10 y.o. child* for half-heartedly pushing back against an older child who had repeatedly mocked his abject poverty. And the fact that the poor child's family was infamous in town, to the point that people from other neighbourhoods knew about them, shoud also make it clear just how bad the poverty was, and likely the extent of the abuse going on in the household. 

If you're not comfortable acknowledging what you wrote, maybe it's a sign you shouldn't have written it in the first place.

Your post also presents *zero* redeeming qualities James had, instead focusing on what a bad person James's main (but not only, which you completely gloss over) victim supposedly was. It's easy to forget something that never existed in the first place.

&gt; What I'm saying is that Snape abused/ took part in the abuse of others during his time at Hogwarts. That doesn't justify James's actions. But it is hypocritical to tout James as an irredeemable character because of that scene and Snape as a tragic antihero.

It's disgusting to compare Snape not alienating himself from the people he shared a bedroom with (and who also happened to be his social betters in every way, and had particular hatred for people of Snape's ascendancy) to James deriving genuine *pleasure* from tormenting other people and sexually assaulting them.

The hypocrisy is comparing Snape to James, when Snape was comparable, at most, to Lupin (except Lupin, being prefect, was officially tasked with stopping bullying, and didn't). James, on the other hand, is much worse than Draco, to the point that *his own son wants to vomit at his actions, and sincerely believes him capable of having raped and forced Lily into marriage*.

&gt; By your own logic, Snape must be a horrible person for being so abusive and humiliating a child who was already really insecure about his magical ability(Neville Longbottom). 

That sounds too dumb and unaware of context and literary tropes and conventions to be my logic. Snape was coded as a regular overbearing teacher, not an abuser, the same way Hagrid was coded as a good person despite him mutilating a child and violently threatening that child's powerless parents, threatening another child with torture, and so on.

In context, Snape, who studied under people like McGonagall, actually had a milder touch. After all, if McGonagall was still using corporal punishments in the 90s, when they had been outlawed already, she was probably caning students left and right in the 70s. In his turn, Snape doesn't lay a hand on his students, and is actually very careful of their safety, unlike teachers who are coded as good, and who repeatedly endanger children's lives without caring about it/even intentionally.

&gt; You saw the line about Mulciber and Avery, right? Doing creepy things to a girl using Dark Magic was Snape's idea of fun.

I think this might be a translation issue, perhaps. Something being "just a laugh" means it was done jokingly, and not with malice. In this case, it's blatantly obvious that Snape is not saying he thought it was great fun, he's trying to downplay the incident as a joke, not as something meant to inflict serious harm. Which it didn't, otherwise Lily would have mentioned it.

In any case, I'm unsettled that your mind immediately jumped to "doing creepy things to a girl". It was very likely Levicorpus, based on Lily "almost smiling" at seeing Snape being subjected to it (otherwise she's just that bad), Ron having the exact same line when Hermione criticises the spell, and so on.

Also, the Bat-Bogey Hex is Dark Magic, and James and Sirius canonically used illegal (so, the worst kind) of Dark Magic to torment people they were ganging up on.

So that but only proves that either Lily was a huge hypocrite, or that James hid his actions very well.

&gt; If James Potter's past is irredeemable, so is Snape's.

Only if someone is sick enough to equate an impoverished, underprivileged, and abused child trying to fit in with his bigoted peers, but still managing not to personally attack anyone, to an overprivileged sociopath who gets off on tormenting people, trying to force girls into dates, and sexually assaulting their friends.

&gt; but they went on to become better people

And there's the crux of the issue.

By the end of his character arc, Snape was willing to die to save as many people as possible, people he didn't even like, despite having the possibility to save himself. So he did become an insanely altruistic person, matched only by Harry himself (with the mention that Harry was groomed to sacrifice himself, and had no alternative).

There is zero evidence that James became a better person, or even felt a twinge of regret for having physically and sexually assaulted people.

At this point, I consider James a litmus test. He isn't even a character, he's background scenery for the relevant characters (Harry and Snape), and in all of his scenes he is portrayed as a bad person who, let me mention this again, gets off on shoving soap down people's throats and forcibly removing their underwear. If someone "identifies" with such a character, and feels the need to defend them and bash their victims...well.
