&gt; Basically all right-libertarian arguments rely on the average person being far more well-off economically than they are... 

Nope. 

Right-libertarianism finds it roots in very old philosophy, so called "Classical Liberalism", when the median person (arguably the richest person as well) was objectively worse off than the poorest person is today. 

&gt; Both knowingly wealthy people and those who believe they’re “self-made”  assume everyone shares their background, and buy into libright crap as a  result. 

I don't even thinks this qualifies as a strawman, it is so blind I can only assume you have spent zero time around actual libertarians (vs twitter/reddit edge lords). 

&gt; Like, all that shit about private power being more "voluntary" that  state power relies on private power not being coercive in any way (as if  the options people have in order to financially support themselves  aren't limited by external factors beyond their own choices). 

No it doesn't. 

This is an external condition applied by opponents to libertarianism on what is pretty much the dictionary definition of "voluntary". Libertarians don't think we need to have some type of imaginary utopia where people can do anything &amp; everything they want with no restrictions placed on them by others or nature for something to be voluntary. That is silly nonsense. 

&gt; All the suggestions to work your way up the ladder of a good job depend  on getting hired at one, which 99% of the time is basically a birthright  as a result of connections. 

Obvious BS. 

&gt; In reality, the vast majority of Americans can't foot the bill for a  $500 emergency expense, are living paycheck to paycheck and can't afford  basics, make roughly $15-20k a year at best, are often deep in debt,  and can barely afford rent. 

Again, patent nonsense that no one who is able to read should believe. 

The median individual income is well over $30K (median household is over $60K). The famous 'Americans don't have $400 in savings!!!' stuff was based on 1 flawed study and is not reflective of reality (but even if true is a choice made by people to consume now rather than save). Housing is not actually that expensive in America as a whole, costs have gone up only slightly more than inflation. The problem is that in cities people made choices which were the *opposite* of libertarian and restricted building (especially low cost building options) which after a few decades has driven up the cost of housing in high density areas to crazy levels. 

&gt;...and thus only fool people who either knowingly grew up rich and unaware of the conditions that the majority of people live in... 

It seems clear that it is you who have no idea what conditions the majority of people live in. It is you who have no clue what gets people good jobs. It is you who have no idea who is actually starting businesses. 

Break out of your confines, the world is much more than you think it is.
