Lmao. I love how extreme this is. But there is a lot of truth to it.   


When I had short hair, I attracted a certain type of woman. When I grew my hair out I immediately began attracting a completely different demographic of women.   


Sometimes, though, I doubt it's the long hair or the short hair that attracted them... But rather the act of change itself. Just the act of change made them notice you because now you look ''different'' and that's something people tend to notice.   


After I grew my hair out the women started flooding in for like a full year. And then they just kind of stopped. So I cut it all off and they came flooding in again. 

  
I really just think women phaze most men out (even if they are attractive). But when you do something that forces them to actually stop what they're doing and just notice you for a moment... That's when they realize they think you're cute.   


Change is just one way to command their attention.   


For example, I've noticed this cute female co-worker for the last 9 months at work. But she always seemed vague and unaware of me. I'd walk past her every day in the hopes she'd become accustomed to seeing me around but nope...   


Eventually, I just assumed to take it as a hint that she wasn't interested in me.   


Three months later, though, I needed help with a customer so I approached her directly for help. ''Excuse me, yes you. Sorry to bother you but would you know where this thing is?...''  


She instantly looked up and for the first time looked up at my face. And gladly helped me. And I thanked her and went on my way.   


Half an hour later, that same girl sought me out of her own volition and introduced herself to me. She thought I was 'new'. And straight-up asked me if it was my first day. No girl, you're just clueless and unaware as fuck. Fancy that... A girl I'd admired for over 8 months who had ignored me was convinced it was my first day at work and was VERY interested in me. 

&amp;#x200B;

The catalyst was me getting her attention by approaching her and asking for help.
