
If you’re right center I’m sure everything you disagree with is from the Democrats and you only pay attention to politics every four years. BLM was founded in 2013 (so right after an election) and the Ferguson riots happened in 2014 and that didn’t stop black Democratic President Barack Obama from sending in the national guard. Liberals tend to have a blind spot when it comes to the Democratic Party, but it’s adorably ignorant to think that one side of the establishment is behind it all, and equally dumb of Liberals to think a political party cares about anything beyond their vote. 

Why don’t people who are pro-life also protest drone strikes, the death penalty, or school shootings? Cause abortion is the issue they’re focused on and seek to change. That doesn’t mean they can’t care about anything else, that doesn’t mean “pro-life” has to apply to every single situation. Do you think it was hypocritical for the US to memorialize the victims of 9/11 even though way more people died that year from car crashes and heart disease?

No one from BLM is dismissing the guy who died in CHAZ and the only reason anti-BLM know about that is it fits their agenda. The issue isn’t just the individual lives it’s about justice. If a civilian murders a black person everyone is gonna think that’s bad, but the killer will get arrested and put in prison for murder. But if that person is a cop the victim doesn’t get justice. If cops were treated like everyone else who commits murder (when it’s clearly unjustified force not self defense) it wouldn’t be an issue. But apparently it’s hypocritical to care about one instance of injustice without being able to name every single black person who died. 

And people talk about improving their communities all the time to prevent crime but one one gives a shit. Sensitive whites say “but what about black on black crime?” as if every black person has been quarantined their whole life. That’s still an issue. It’s why the crime act was put forth in the 90’s. They asked for better resources and infrastructure in their community but they only got more cops. Now people in those neighborhoods gotta worry about black on black crime and cops arresting them for nothing.

It ain’t black people’s fault. It’s the media. White liberals care about BLM so much cause it’s the least they can do while publicly looking woke. It’s not like black people have otherwise been silent and unaware of their issues. No one wants to put in that work, at least not unless they can make a profit.
