There is a huge thread about it on the tinnitus talk forums. (Website http://tinnitustalk.com).

There is actually a whole lot of science about phototherapy and you can get a much cheaper LED setup to experiment with. One of the main researchers from Harvard wrote quite a bit about it and it is linked in that megathread. 

I'm going to be getting a couple of things to test, at the very least it can help circulation and blood flow and covering from setbacks I should have done it sooner for my now not so recent major event.

Also I find it funny (more like disappointing and ironic and hypocritical and ignorant) that so many people in the tinnitus communities are against anything alternative when following mainstream medical advice is what got a lot of them in this situation to begin with! Like sure buddy you have tinnitus but take all of this aspirin every day and take these antibiotics! In fact I find it horrendous and horrific that we are not warned about the effects medication can have. And people are still being prescribed these things!

You will find all types of people with various kinds of ear damage. By the way don't expect much help in the tinnitus subreddit (not this one, research, but just t) the moderators are scum for one thing. Some people let this condition make them even more of an asshole but I suspect they already were. 

I used to post on the hyperacusis forms as well but basically within a year of my first injury I was pretty much back to normal from eating a super healthy plant-based diet (raw even, fruit mostly) at the time and trying many other alternative modalities that seemed to help. it wasn't until I got further injuries from very loud sounds or medications that I slid backwards at all also leaving that lifestyle of Superior health.

not taking my own advice and trying an aspirin like medication that wasn't even supposed to get absorbed systemically much is what caused my recent event. I even told the doctor my apprehension in that I wasn't going to take it but some factors led me to try it just for a single day and that was enough. I really think he should have researched it more and told me to not try. One of my biggest mistakes I've made lately. So yes look up the ATA list of ototoxic medications.
