
You might get downvoted because your talking points are disingenuous.

Im not trying to convert you because I don’t think there’s hope of that but you’re posting things in a public forum that aren’t true so I’ll reply for those purposes 

Absolutely no president in our recent history even fucking Nixon have pushed executive powers and ignored oversight like Trump has. 

He has fought subpoenas for simple documents or testimonies that if he was innocent would clear him from abuse of powers that have been alleged against him. 

He has chosen to instead of following the constitution and the oversight powers of congress , spend tax payer money to fight everything and anything in court tying up subpoenas and testimonies for months or years in some cases.

He did this with impeachment as well, Nixon resigned when it got to that point because Republicans back then had a spine. 

I despise HRC but she testified over Benghazi and complied and didn’t challenge in court the email stuff... trump couldn’t even fully answer prior approved written questions after refusing to testify multiple times and to also submit himself to a live questioning.

Now to your bullshit “BoTh SidEs” and i say this as an independent , who dislikes both parties (Dems are shit but the GOP is like putrid diarrea), Obama nickname by immigration groups was “deporter in chief” , many groups got some of those immigration places shut down.

Just because trump is even worse than Bush/Obama on immigration , and because YOU didn’t know people on the left were protesting against Obama on that issue , doesn’t mean the media wasn’t reporting it or it was some secret.


... fuck man you really think there wasn’t reports on the Arab Spring.... also do you think that was like a policy decision .... that was people in those countries rebelling against despots and dictatorial rule. 

That’s not like a planned Obama/ State Department plan, that’s decades of rules beating down people and in some countries people saying enough and taking to the streets.

And as a cancer survivor, but someone who doesn’t like ACA because it didn’t go far enough... you know nothing , like for all the people who I know who had complications because they got sick before that was passed that got denied coverage, their families look at people like you with such sadness for your ignorance on their plight.

It’s not perfect by any stretch, it does not deal with the crux of the problem which is corporate greed and ignorant populace that can’t see tying employment and health insurance together is a medical emergency waiting to happen and that we shouldn’t make our health an issue where we need to chose bankruptcy or our lives.

ACÁ has gotten millions of people insured who were not prior, that’s actual how you bring costs down 

And I love the ignorance of you what you posted on ACA... looks like it’s from the perspective of the health insurers ... because of course the companies that fought against and gutted the ACA bill that make billions in profits would have an unbiased view that will help people.

And I like how it looks at the 2016 and 2017 numbers you know after like 4-5 years of GOP have attempted to undermine ACA for years now and in some states despite voters wanting it, refusing to expand healthcare services in their states.

Your post is what’s really wrong with America , you know how to regurgitate things to prop up your talking points, but if anyone is familiar on these topics you wouldn’t be able to hold a conversation on them, especially if they aren’t a “Obama did no wrong voter” 

I never voted for him either btw, but I’m informed and educated enough to realize while presidents like Obama and even Bush who was horrendous imo , Trump is everything bad about them with an extra dose of having no problem playing footsies with racists/fascists , enriching himself using tax payer dollars, protecting himself and cronies by abusing presidential powers , and an extreme case of narcissism that’s makes him completely unaware and incapable of leading
