It makes some things easier and some things more difficult. With my current girl and other dog (who passed) it was hard to train the second dog, he didn't get trained as well as her because it was difficult for me to manage both of them. In retrospect I could have separated them but I lived in a small house. Now I have three dogs and a large house so I just move the one in training away and cycle them out.

The older dogs also do a good job at teaching the puppy things. They're quite lazy so they've taught the puppy how to be ok being bored, and how to nap. They've taught her bite inhibition (had one really bad incident though when puppy bit old arthritic girl on her arthritic foot and pup got bit bad on the face)

Just earlier today they taught her how to be chill while getting her toenails dremelled. She's 4 months old and she had her nails dremelled once, then clipped once at the vet (not sure how that went, wasn't allowed in), then today she FREAKED OUT and was attacking us so we did their first and fed them cheese and she was so jealous. It was easier after that until she got full of snacks and was bored and started freaking out again. 

I'm not sure if it sped up potty training. She gets distracted when they're outside with her so we still do separate outside times if it's only for potty purposes (instead of play time). She could be out over an hour and forget to pee the whole time. She probably sees them only do it outside, never inside, but I don't think it's really helped much altogether.

She does play with the old arthritic girl quite a bit (old girl doesn't know how to slow down despite her pain). Not so much with the younger boy, but he's very big and unaware of his size and too rough so she gives him a wide berth. It does give me quite a bit of a break. 

They do learn each other's bad habits too though. Now I have three dogs tearing up my garden bed, and while I can yell at the older two to stop, puppy doesn't listen or care. All three of them bark at stuff - they have their own triggers - but they all start barking when another starts. Puppy is learning to beg for food, she goes overboard though, previously before watching my older dogs beg she wouldn't. Now she not only stares like they do but LAUNCHES onto us. 

It's fun though.
