This is going to get buried but I’ll try anyway. Living with someone with autism is a big life change. I myself am an adult with autism although I have been independent since I was 19 and have had my own place since then. I’ve done well in a very social career that has given me some great opportunities. That being said I am difficult to live with. I am moody, sometimes irrational, and very dependent on a very specific schedule. These are things that would normally affect someone’s desire to be housemates with me. All of these things are directly related to my autism and on bad days can be difficult for me to control. It can make living with me very inconvenient if not uncomfortable. All of these things being said it has been a work in progress for me to become better with these short comings, but that is very difficult if not almost impossible for someone who’s very dependent and unaware of social situations to adjust themselves to be better to live with. I know a lot of people try to up play how we with autism are just like you and we are, but in a lot of ways we are different and can have difficulty with things that a lot of people wouldn’t normally struggle with like prioritizing cleanliness and hygiene, sharing spaces and not taking over them completely because everything has to be just so, and being accepting of changes in schedule due to others needs. For a while all it took to ruin my day was having to change lunch plans because the place I always go to was closed for a private event. I’m talking borderline panic attack anxious melt down, as an actual over 21 years old adult, over lunch. It becomes exponentially more complex with some how doesn’t cope with their autism well at all. At that point you have to take note of so many preferences to avoid conflict, a lot of which may seem pointless to a neurological person, that it may very well be like having a child. It can cause a lot of strain on relationships and families when you aren’t prepared for that level of care that is often needed in more dependent adults and children with autism. I would tell your MIL to blow it out her ass because that would be a life altering change for you and your fiancé. She sounds like she will be problems in the long run due to her obviously having boundary issues. Also she seems like a major asshole bc in my view it sounds like she’s basically trying to pay you to take her child out of her hair.
