Has anyone told her how much easier it is to find a job when you have a job? I don’t see what the issue is with $45k a year if you leapfrog to a better position. All she’s doing with the resume gap is shooting herself in the foot. Perfect jobs are far and few between and the reality during covid is people should be willing to make personal and professional sacrifices to accommodate this new lifestyle.

Considering you’ve been paying utilities, mortgage, and everything else - does she not see the unfair nature of this? She needs a dramatic shift to her perspective because if she’s willing to charge items, continue to buy, and then allow you to cover the basics she definitely does not have a grasp on what things actually cost.

When you mentioned the RV in the driveway and her being an only child, it sounds like she’s exactly like her parents. Financially unaware and content. Ends have always been met, even if it has not been fair for whatever party has helped them. I would not be surprised if they have always been a family of charging blindly, a.e. paying for her loans by taking out another mortgage, taking trips when they can’t afford it, allowing others to cover for them at dinners and events because they more financially stable, and maybe even declaring bankruptcy.

Whatever paradigm she’s been brought up in and allowed to continue with has done her no favors. I wish you the best man and I hope she comes to. Everyone is able to learn and grow, and sometimes it’s as simple as realizing a $5 coffee a day is $1200 a year wasted.

Edit: read some more comments and realized you said you live an hour north outside of Boston. Very familiar with the region and I know nothing here is cheap. This place will eat you alive and spit you out if you are not financially savvy and stable. $45k up here will not take you very far, but still a step in the right direction. I understand why she is objecting because it is essentially nothing if you want to live reasonably well and your ego is impacting your decision. Maybe make an excel and break down what she could be taking home biweekly with that salary and how much it could contribute. You’re not married so you wouldn’t file taxes together. She might get most of it back. Maybe make $1400 biweekly. Doesn’t seem like much but much more than nothing. Even just kicking $500 a month towards rent she could pay off her debt in less than 3 months. She needs out of her bubble
