It seems that no matter what we are given in this life, they become a test for us. In the end, in your death and in your grave, you will have to face yourself for the actions. You are young and not far off from being old enough to be on your own. Pull yourself together. Stay focused. Be thankful that your parents are not alcoholics and drug addicts.
My parents separated when I was 2. I’m 32 now. My dad is a pervert and an alcoholic. My older sister (different mother) went to live with him in her teenage years and she went off the a mental asylum for trying to commit suicide. He was not focused on her academics or work ethics though. He was focused on himself. She’s been in and out of jail and lost custody of all 3 of her children. I think a lot of what happened to her is because of her life with my dad. I can think of ways that even I blame my mom and step dad for stupid decisions now that anger me and frustrate me and make me tired because I see their future and it’s full of debt and impulsive decisions. My point is that I think that it is normal to disagree with your family and not want to be around them all of the time anymore. It’s a natural part of the process of our growth. It pushes us to be independent.
I’ve known several people that have committed suicide or overdosed and honestly it will impact the people closest to you for the rest of their lives. 

No one knows what is going to happen in the next few years, but I assure you that if you take your focus off of them and how they treat you and have a look around you - maybe you’ll see that your situation isn’t so bad. Maybe I am naive and unaware of what’s really happening. I hope that it isn’t a terribly physically  abusive relationship. I started working young too, definitely not 8, but I understand you’re tired and you know your worth. At least you can say you have the job experience. I will pray for you to find strength and understanding in your heart that there is more to your existence than what you have lived through so far. May Allah SWT guide you and protect you. Just remember that there is no escaping your true self and the things you are trying to put an end to. You will always have to face your self.
