Definition of DLC:

&gt;Downloadable content (DLC) is additional content created for an already released video game, distributed through the Internet by the game's publisher. It can either be added for no extra cost or it can be a  form of video game monetization, enabling the publisher to gain additional revenue from a title after it has been purchased, often using some type of microtransaction system.

Therefore, any DLC can be seen as microtransaction. So either all DLC in Snowrunner is microtransaction, or non is.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; There is also no such thing as a “mini-DLC” 

That's correct, the apache is not a "mini-DLC", it's just a DLC.

&gt; DLC can range from cosmetic content, such as skins, to new in-game content such as characters, levels, modes, and larger expansions that may contain a mix of such content as a continuation of the base game. 

Yes, it is literally one truck. Trucks are the main part of the game and choosing the right truck is a major point in the game. So adding more trucks, if it's one by one or as a bundle, adds to the main game by adding more options to pick from.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; the Apache is 1000% a microtransaction which means the company lied to their consumers. 

You feel lied to because you interpret a DLC as a microtransaction, the company, here specially the publisher, sees it not like this.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;  they have every right to release extra PAID content AFTER all 4 Phases / seasons are out, but not before. 

No, they have every fucking right to do exactly this. When you bought the season pass, you bought the content of Phase 1,2,3 and 4. That is literally written in the season pass.  
When the publisher decides to release content that is not included in the season pass, you have no right to demand it beeing given to you for free when it's not in the content you paid for. Again, you did NOT pay for the Apache. If you don't like this truck, well don't buy it. If you don't like the monetisation scheme of the publisher, don't buy more games from them. They certainly won't miss you, and neither does EA miss me. I am literally a single customer they do not care the slightest about.

The same goes down at the forums of Avorion. There is a new update coming that gets the base game patched, buffed and enhanced. On top of that, there will be a DLC release for those who want to further support the game. You're not getting robbed of your money. You got and get what you paid for. And yet, here and over at Avorion as well, there are a few folks intoxicating the community and always boiling it down to that one time company XYZ is "doing worst then EA" (I haven't found a company worst then EA, but Bethesda you're damn close) just because people are so arrogant and ignorant that they demand everything for free after the initial purchase. Wake up, those times where you get the full game, finished with all possible content are over for about 20 years now.

Some companies use DLC to rip out existing content to monetize the game furthermore, see EA (Prothean DLC, that shit was proven to be completely in the game files), other companies use it to extend the game content. Some do bit of both. That is the way the game industry works now and it keeps the devs, publishers and their families fed and warm in a nice flat. It's called "we need money to buy shit to survive". Welcome to 2020.
