I know we have all talked about Storm's "history of sleepwalking" in here. I have commented previously based on my own experience with a husband who legitimately does sleepwalk about how highly unlikely it is that what happened to precious B had anything to do with that. I still stand by what I have said before, but I wanted to share a weird thing that happened last night. 

So my husband has sleep walked/talked only a handful of times in our 14+ years together, and the closest he's ever gotten to physically moving objects was once when he went to the refrigerator and wanted to take the light bulb out (he didn't, but he opened it and was talking about needing to do something with "the light"). Usually he either gets out of bed or sits up and just starts talking to me without making any sense and eventually goes back to sleep. This morning though, sometime around maybe 1:30, he kinda nudged me but didn't get up right away. Then he came over to my side of the bed, rubbed my head, and was asking about "the thing" - I kept asking him about what thing he was referring to, and he couldn't tell me. He kept pointing to where the baby monitor charger was, so I asked him if that was it, to which he replied that it wasn't. At one point he was like, "I think I might be dreaming again" and I told him that he probably was. He went on for a few minutes trying to communicate what he was concerned about, and eventually I determined that he was looking for our infant son (who is 6.5 months old) and wanted to make sure he wasn't in our bed and that he hadn't fallen in the space between the bed and nightstand (he didn't say this exactly, but I was able to deduce it from what he was able to get out). I told him our son was asleep in his own room in his crib and hadn't been in our bed at all, and to check the monitor if he wanted to see for himself (why I was trying to reason with someone who wasn't fully there I don't know, but at that point I didn't really know for sure if he was awake or not). He didn't check the monitor, but I guess he was satisfied with my answer and went back to his side of the bed.

Our son had cried out and put himself back to sleep not long before this, so I am wondering if maybe hearing him on the monitor is what triggered my husband's dream. He has had the recurring dream of not being able to find our baby in the sheets several times, but not for quite awhile (it happened a lot when we first came home), and he hasn't actually gotten out of bed to look for him. Our son has never slept in our bed EVER, but I am curious now after this whole thing if my husband would ever actually get our son out of his crib and bring him into bed with us...? I'd like to think not, but I guess it's possible. Even so, though, I think most of us can agree it's much more likely that Amy and/or Storm were both just highly intoxicated in their situation, as it's been divulged that alcohol was involved (my husband and I were both completely sober, by the way). I find it very hard to believe that a sober Amy or even tipsy Amy wouldn't have woken up from that, even if Storm was legitimately asleep and unaware of what he was doing. She had to have been passed out drunk - not just "had a little too much" drunk, like completely blacked out, borderline alcohol poisoning status. Maybe some moms would have slept through that entire thing, but I wake up to almost every little noise or movement these days and have been a pretty light sleeper most of my life anyways. I probably would have jolted out of bed if I'd realized my husband legitimately gotten our son out of his crib and brought him in bed with us, even in an exhausted, sleep-deprived, new mom state. And Storm had to have been equally or even more drunk in my opinion to have "no clue" how it happened. Even when my husband does this kind of thing, he usually at least has a vague memory of it the next day.

I know we have mentioned Amy going on her stories talking about having this exact dream and other moms in here have chimed in about having it as well. My sister in law also had this dream when my niece was little many times. It's fairly common. But what is so weird to me is that B died not long after this dream because of a "co-sleeping incident." She made such a big deal out of it her followers and vowed to the Instagram world that she would never bring her babies into bed with her, but somehow B "ended up" in their bed. Bizarre. 

Anyway, probably a longer comment than it needed to be, but I immediately thought of Amy and Storm when this happened and just can't imagine the pain of realizing your worst nightmare had come true.
