In Oblivion you must purify the Dark Brotherhood Sanctuary because there is a traitor among them. Turns out that traitor is a member of The Black Hand and almost wipes out the rest of the Black Hand at the end of the quest. Emil wrote this entire guild’s questline before being promoted to head writer. 

In Skyrim, there’s a traitor in the sanctuary and almost the entirety of the Dark Brotherhood is killed. You even have to choose if you want to kill Cicero. A bit interesting, but feels like it recycled a lot of the major plot points for that guild from Oblivion’s Dark Brotherhood. 

Thieves Guild goes almost the exact same way. They’re not doing so great, everything sucks. Turns out there’s a traitor who’s been ruining everything! Now you gotta go stop them! Now that you’ve done a total of like five major quests for the guild and you’ve managed to kill one guy, you’re clearly the leader. Brynjolf certainly can’t handle it, he can’t even talk now, lad. He’s got important things to do. 

The College of Winterhold has a pretty okay setting when you show up. Nothing too wrong. Oh but now they’ve got this giant orb with enormous magical properties and OH MY GOD THERES A TRAITOR IN THE GUILD! Ancano, that bastard, wasn’t really an advisor or a friend of the college at all! He was just sticking around waiting for... them to dig up a magical orb. I guess. Anyway, kill him, get some fancy robes, now you’re the archmage! Congrats! You did like five quests right? Something like that? You’re good enough, no worries. 

The Companions stray a bit from that, but they’re still not too different. It’s more like, hey cool that you joined, we’re gonna treat you like trash because we just have to be assholes for some reason. Oh yeah and some of us are werewolves! Ay now that you’ve done two major quests for us and like two small jobs the consisted of beating the shit out of a random villager for money, you’re one of our elite! Now you can be a werewolf too! Now drink the raspberry jam that plopped into this stone bowl and enjoy! Oh yeah, turns out we have so many issues with people casually strolling into our guild hall to kill us because we’re werewolves and they think us to be a menace, haha can you IMAGINE? Anywhoozlebee, we’re not traitors or anything. We’re not endangering the lives of our unaware and uninitiated brothers and sisters by hanging on to some weird ass tradition that stipulates we all have to be werewolves, we’re the good guys! Not some sort of traitors or anything, hahaha... Oh by the way the old man croaked, go ahead and take his place once we free his spirit. 

And I’m sure the overlap and recycling only gets worse the closer you look, but the guilds are just what came to mind
