FA here! 

It's very difficult to balance both wanting to be close to someone while also being scared of being close. 

When I am hyper vigilant and unaware of it, I attach a lot of meaning subconsciously to a partners behavior, in an effort to assess "am I safe? Can I trust?". On days that I lack self-confidence, I tend to see things through a self-defeating lense, which is not a partner's fault but it deactivates me. I become a bit introverted and shy when I am in this mood. 

I also feel guilty to ask for my needs to be met, and I have an automatic assumption that my partner will not listen to me. I tend to hoard tension until a critical tipping point is reached. I will try to connect with my partner on my needs, but my automatic assumptions that I feel guilty about asking for my needs and I won't be listened to and I am risking abandonment, make me stumble and fall short on giving a secure and thorough explanation to my partner. Them, failing to pick up on what I need because they're not mind readers, or being spooked by this sudden emotional appeal, will then also confirm my wounds that I am not seen and understood. 

Once an attempt has been made without success, a number of things might happen. Usually, I go back to avoidant strategies. Sometimes I get also outwardly pissed off. If my fear barometer reaches tilt, I can spontaneously break up. 

I've discovered I am FA because of a break-up 2 years ago. I was already doing therapy and was into psychology to work on other traumas before I discovered attachment theory, so I was at a good time to have an open-minded and introspective reflection on the relationship. I could see the way I deactivated back then crystal clear, and how hypocritical I was towards avoidant partner for "not being communicative", when I did not communicate from a secure, authentic and honest place either. 

In most previous break-ups I just disliked and was angry with my partners (they did deserve it, I've attracted a few cluster B-personality disordered boyfriends in the past). I've never kept in touch with anxious-preoccupied ex's, while I do remain somewhat in touch with avoidant ex's.
