Yes, I was referring to *The Continuum Concept*. In one of her interviews she mentions her "books", but I could find only that one. There are also some of her articles on her website. Here a few excerpts from the book, just to get an idea:

&gt;“Man can ‘survive’ in appallingly anti-continuum conditions, but his well-being, his joy, his fulfillment as a whole human being, can be lost.  From many points of view he might be better off dead, for the life force, in its ceaseless tending toward repair of damage and completion of developmental phases, among its instruments employs anxiety, pain, and an array of other ways of signaling that things are wrong.  Unhappiness in all its forms is the result. In civilization, a frequent outcome of the operating of the system is constant misery.”  
&gt;  
&gt;“All one can discover from horizon to horizon are victims of victims.”  
&gt;  
&gt;"A man who spends his necessary, unenjoyed working life among papers and ideas will re-create his innate expectation of physical work through something like golf. Unmindful that its main virtue is uselessness, the golfer trudges about in the sun carrying a heavy load of clubs and every so often brings his attention to a sharp focus on the problem of persuading a ball to fall into a hole in the ground: this is done, very inefficiently, with the end of one of the clubs, not by carrying the ball and dropping it in. If he were made to do all this by force, he would feel sorely put upon, but as it is called recreation and is guaranteed to serve no purpose beyond exercising him, he is free to enjoy it as the Yequana (tropical rain-forest tribe) enjoy useful work. But there are now many golfers who have allowed the labour-saving impulse to spell some of this pleasure as well, since it has been suggested by the relevant sector of the culture that carrying the clubs is not pleasant and, more recently, that the trudging between strokes ought also to be moved into the work category and little automotive carts used instead. To re-create themselves after playing golf, they may soon have to resort to tennis."

As for Paul Shepard, I started with *Coming Home to the Pleistocene*. It is very dense and his style is more academic than that of any other author I mentioned above. Very informative and he covers many ideas one may think of.

My case was that I went from being unhappy and unaware of my needs, to discovering that I have needs, to (mostly unsuccessfully) trying to fill the needs, to wondering again what's wrong: is it me or the world, to finally putting together a framework for understanding why everything is so out of whack today. It is really a long way of putting the pieces together to create your own mosaic.

When younger we are more needy, but with age we should be more giving, I guess.
