Well I don’t know if it still applies to this thread anymore but why not? Time to share too much. Also a heads up probably gonna be NSFW.

I guess it applies to the story, so I’m bi-curious and was very open to new sexual endeavors with my gf at the time. As many young horny couples do, we were making out in the car. It has been a long 2 weeks due to opposing schedules with work and school that we were able to have contact, let alone be intimate. Before things escalate very far, she tells me she’s on her period. So no sex I assume, and I’m fine with that. However she pulls out a condom and I get very confused. I ask why she’s pulling that out if I’m not gonna use it. Her response will forever be burned into my brain. “Cause I’m the one using it.”

Now I knew that my gf at the time was way more experienced than me, so I was both nervous and excited, while also still a little dumb and unaware of what was to come. It finally clicked when she rolled the condom onto her pointer and middle fingers and playfully snapped it like it was a latex glove.

I honestly wanted to back out at first considering I’ve never done anything like that. Then her fingers moved downward and it is one of the few times I’ve shivered with anticipation from sex. She was gentle and it hurt at first until got to the middle knuckle I believe. She moved her fingers in a motion that would replicate a motion meaning “come here”. I actually yelped not expecting it to feel so good.

So there I was in the back of a small 2005 Nissan Sentra getting tugged and fingered at the same time. Now I’m usually a top and even if I’m not I tend to be more dominant, however she had me in the palm of her hand (more or less). She even got me to beg for her to continue. In the two years we dated she never had shown such a dominant side, and hadn’t done it again. It was incredibly hot. I remember being super close when she started to suck me. At that point my senses were all over.

I was actually drooling from the pleasure and wasn’t saying words coherently. When her mouth met my lower zone it felt like electricity went into the tip, to my feet, then shot up my spine giving me this strange hot/ cold sensation that I’ve only felt from the medication they give you before a Catscan, but it actually felt good here. As I was finishing I could feel my pulse in my ears and in her mouth. My hearing started to go quiet then then the sense of feeling went. I want to say it was almost like an out of body experience. Then I saw that dark static and tried mumbling something about it and woke up 25 minutes later literally with her caring about to call 911. I woke up and said something about her being too pretty to cry and she put her head on my chest and hugged me. 

I had this warm tingling feeling throughout my body and my hearing still wasn’t too good. She asked what happened and I told her what I felt and she got this really confident smile like she was proud after realizing I wasn’t dead. Although we did have a falling out, I’m glad she was my first in many aspects and I’m grateful for our time together. Even though it wasn’t always the best there was always fun. This happened about a year or so after that pill story. As for the nut 20 out of 10 would do again if I knew how.

Sorry if it was long but there ya go. That’s the other time I passed out from sex. Please don’t be too rough on me.
