She needs a professional to help her. Unfortunately this problem runs deep. She likely has extremely low self-esteem from what has happened to her.   

These men make her feel special. They make her feel wanted. They make her feel "grown up." She likely thinks that she's an amazing girl because "so many older men want me" or something of that sort.   

I don't talk about it because I'm old enough where I don't really think about it, but when I was young I was absolutely groomed by older men online. This was in the days of AOL chatrooms, so it was still "new" - at least digitally.  

The men always made sure to try and get you to keep it a secret. They always told you how you were special. How you were an adult. How they understood that your parents treated you like a child, but they knew you were so much more. They'd love bomb you heavily to gain your affection. This was before you could really transfer money online with ease, so they used affection to get to you.   

Usually it was because you had low self-esteem, but you were also naive and unaware of how "wrong" it was. Everyone talked about not helping men in vans find their missing puppies, but nobody talks about how nefarious adults were and how the tactics they'd use to manipulate you into sexual things.   


Perhaps you can use the legal ramifications for her own long-term life as something to help scare her a bit. If she's sending these men photos, she could be charged for creating and distributing pornography.    

You may also have to be extremely harsh about how all of this will 100% negatively impact her life. Maybe find stories out there of other children who were groomed and make her read their stories so she sees the damage it does.  

To her you're all just mean adults trying to ruin her life.   

Also I'd continue to keep her devices away from her, but in the meantime you need to be smarter than a teenager and learn how to get things to restrict her access to online communications.   

You should also be careful about her access to money - she could easily buy (or be bought) a burner phone to continue having access to these men. It would be extremely easy to hide.  

I don't usually condone invasion of a child's privacy, but I'd be concerned with this escalating to the point where she might run away with these men if given the chance.
