So everyone has their own area of expertise, right? Even if you're not highly educated, you might know cars, or computers, or WW2 history, or whatever. You know a lot more about something than the average person.

And so when a movie portrays that subject, you think "oh they're getting this all wrong, how dumb", and when an idiot talks about the thing you're an expert in, you think "oh, this idiot has no idea what he's talking about. I get why he thinks he does, but he doesn't even know what he doesn't know"

Now, smart people who have the ability for introspection have this thought: Oh, I see how people who don't know much about the issue I'm an expert at take a casual look at it and get a lot wrong. They don't even know enough to understand what they don't know or why they're wrong. But their ignorance makes them confident, like they know more about it than they do. But they don't. I know they don't know what they're talking about.

Now, here's the key point: a smart person will think "oh, the way everyone else gets the thing I'm an expert on wrong, that's ALSO how I must sound to people who are experts on things I do not know very well"

The stupid person thinks whatever comes off the top of their head is right, without any thought, without any education. Oh, so thousands of scientists and engineers with expertise on the subject can't solve this tricky issue, but why don't they just try this thing I thought up off the top of my head! Wow, I'm smarter than all the scientists and engineers, cause I solved in 3 seconds what they couldn't solve in years!

Even though the idiots have the experience to know what they sound like, because they've seen other ignorant people make the exact same mistake about the idiot's area of expertise, they are too stupid or too unwilling to engage in the introspection necessary to realize that that's what they sound like to experts in a subject they know nothing about. 

The smart person realizes wait - I don't know enough about this subject to have a very informed opinion, just like I see people comment on my area of expertise all the time. I'm going to defer to the experts or at least do more research so I can understand what I'm talking about. The stupid person never has this thought. They do not engage in introspection or thinking about how they think.

Stupidity, ignorance, and lack of introspection is confident, bold, loud. They're so sure they know everything because they lack the mental tools or willingness to realize the lack of their own knowledge. They think everything in the world is obvious, simple, and easy, and has easy solutions that somehow no one with expertise has thought of.

Intelligence and knowledge are quieter, more tentative. They know they have limits to what they know, and so they don't want to loudly proclaim wrong ideas about some subject they only know a little bit about. They know knowledge is complex and nuanced, and want to try to give the whole picture while acknowledging their own limitations.

But stupid people are too stupid to understand that. So they mistake that loud confidence that stupidity and ignorance has for strength. They go along with the person who's telling them everything is simple and easy, that they know better than experts on every subject.

This is the current situation we find ourselves in. Loud, confident ignorance and stupidity wins over the minds of others who are stupid, while knowledge and expertise quietly tries to correct it and inform people. We've created a society that caters to the stupid and ignorant, that engages in a decades-long campaign against intellectuals and experts and education. And we're seeing the results.
