Most Americans can't be smart about anything.

They've been strategically deprived of everything that would enable that, then got propaganda shoved down their throats instead. Particularly in the carefully curated poorer areas.

Education so expensive and hard to get that they're just so grateful to receive ANY of it, that they don't mind the curriculum is just more indoctrination. No critical thinking, just pledging allegiance to a motherfucking flag and pure disproven religious bullshit that'll keep them willing to "explain" anything away. Keeps them nice and unaware of how facts work, so every bullshit you throw at them can seem valid.

What's that? Oh yes, they can have a chance to "learn" more. How wonderful!

That'll be either a massive bag of money which they don't have, because the group of rich fuckers masquerading as two political parties made sure that an entire family working multiple jobs won't actually put all that much food on the table by hollowing out labour laws. Thankfully, there's mainly cheap food around that would be illegal to sell in large parts of the world. That should keep them nice and compliant, fattened up with low self-esteem because the wealthy-owned media will make sure the message of inferiority is pumped into their house non-stop. Also, more flags.

Still, there's another option! You can go risk your life for the motherfucking "flag"! Literally put your life on the line in a nation where you have no business being, probably acquiring some issues your non-existent healthcare won't help you with, all so you can try desperately to crawl out of the hole the wealthy keep booting you into!

You object to this? Well, you're un-American! Which is the greatest insult there is, because even though large amounts of their people are routinely deprived of even the barest essentials, the propaganda machine will sure everyone that it is the greatest nation to ever exist. Criticism is tantamount to treason, all alternatives are evil and should not even be discussed.

The USA is some weird mix of a pyramid scheme and a cult.
