So much misinformation on here..but can’t say I’m really that surprised considering the system has been set up this way....I studied Vitamin D intensely back in 2014 &amp; it’s still disturbing how little people know about the most important vitamin/hormone in your body. Over 70% of the USA is deficient in this vital nutrient. Coincidence? Not when the freakin FDA is still ONLY RECOMMENDING 600 IU (daily)....y’all need to start critical thinking a bit more and wake up! This is all by design. The healthcare system is profiting off of millions of people being ‘sick’, when in actuality, many are just extremely deficient in a super powerful vitamin/hormone that is responsible for preventing cancer, dozen of auto immune functions, depression/anxiety, and SO MUCH MORE. But wait? We have scientists and experts that have actually determined that 600IU is WAY off and we actually should be taking in 1000IU PER EVERY 25lb of body weight instead?? That means a 200lb person should actually be taking at least 8,000IU a day....well, if we know this information, and it’s been provided to the FDA....then why hasn’t the National recommendation been changed from 600iu daily to much higher? I’ll wait......
Again, over 70% of the country is deficient in a vitamin/hormone that will literally throw your entire system out of wack, if you don’t have a sufficient amount in your blood...this should be concerning to everyone, yet...it’s just swept under the rug. There are statistical data maps that show cancer rates are VERY high in the northern regions of the USA, and much less in the southern states. Much less sunlight = less vitamin D absorption. Vitamin D receptors are present in almost all cells of the body, and can make or break your health depending on if you have enough vitamin D in your blood. Dr. Oz has gone on record to say that its extremely hard to overdose on Vitamin D, and you’re more likely to overdose from water, than Vit D. So much misinformation on all of this and unfortunately, it’s only continuing to keep more people sick, and unaware of what could potentially heal/cure them.
