Paul normally can handle himself in these discussions, but on this topic, he's struggling terribly. His appearance on Vaush and this showing, they're among his worst discussions intellectually. I find myself agreeing with both him and TJ, but TJ kind of got me with the idea that he can do everything that Paul is doing to attempt to change the system, while also saving a few more lives by voting Biden now.

I can't reason my way out of that point and I'd fucking love to ... Paul has the right idea, we shouldn't be voting Biden, but TJ is right that it's one of two choices we have and that's it. It's as simple as that. History will be made regardless of if we withhold our vote. It's too late to get a better candidate.

The fact is, it's our own damn fault. We had Bernie. He was SO CLOSE to winning it all. And yeah, the DNC pulled some strings, but if the people knew what the fuck they wanted and had a little integrity, it would be Bernie right now. We caused this because of our own ignorance and aversion to voting. We allowed the DNC to pull a fast one on us. We had our chance to make a change and in less than two weeks time, we let the weakest candidate in the race steal it all away from him. That's a testament to how weak we are as a party.

I don't think Paul is stupid, I do think his argument is more emotional than it is rational. I know this because this is my problem too. I fucking hate Biden ... He is a conscious devil whose goal it is to undermine the people and increase corporate profit at the cost of millions of peoples well-being. I hate how he treats Bernie. I hate that he stole the lead from Bernie through behind door deals. I hate that he is going to become the most powerful man in the country. I do not want to see him as President. I dislike him more than Trump. To me, Trump is just a buffoon. A lost puppy running around the white house completely blissful and unaware that he's an idiot who has no idea what he is doing or that he sucks at everything he does. Trump is a joke. Biden is a cancer and he is representative of a particular cancer which has spread to most of the democratic party. On some level, I want the democrats to fail. I want the people who voted for Biden to suffer for having chosen the lesser candidate. I want America to reap what it sows because on this issue I am spiteful. This is the top reason why I will not be voting. Maybe Paul feels that way too. I get the feeling he does.
