&gt;  Not really, because you hate a product you can't invalidate the experience of others.  

I cannot invalidate their experience, but I can explain it. The only way they can see YTM as superior is if they aren't really all that familiar with what has been lost via the transition to YTM.  My dog, after having been "fixed" as a pup, never seems to miss the opportunities denied him via a few snips and a decision made for him.  He's fat, happy, and unaware of his loss.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; and I told you the Spotify is more powerful, better designed and more aesthetically pleasing the both YTM and GPM. Will be valid? 

It would be only partly true. Spotify is superior to YTM in almost every way....so are 1970s 8-track players :)

&amp;#x200B;

&gt; YTM at this moment is not a final product,  

Yet they're wanting to charge us for it by replacing one that \*is\* a final product.

They've spent years developing YTM.  Yes, years....and yeah, it's not a final product. It's not even worthy of the beta status as large aspects of it simply don't work and are incompatible even with their own Google Home/Assistant ecosystem.  The level of hate towards this product his almost hilarious. For years people have been begging (and have been denied) basic changes to make it useable.  Today they brag about the few improvements that they make, yet those improvements are so basic that they should've been included in the product before it even left the actual beta stage.  I mean....sorting?  Seriously?  We can't even sort? lol  Don't even get me started on the inclusion of illegal, pirated, low quality, often mis-named 240p videos uploaded a decade ago.  These things are like a cancer and they're trying to pretend it's an added value to make it look like they have the largest collection of music.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;  how look took Spotify to have basic features or Apple Music to even have a web version. 

Saying, "Hey....those other guys suck too!" isn't really a good way to uplift the value of YTM. The reason I was with GPM is specifically because those other streamers mostly sucked. It just so happens that YTM sucks more lol.  GPM was a solid service. Sure, it had a few areas where improvements could be made (I wish the web app had sorting features, for example), but it was lightyears beyond anything else on the web.

The reason GPM failed was not because of features, design, or technology. It was because the people who control the biggest marketing engine in history were unable to market their own product (which could've been done simply by placing a link on every single YouTube page.....and giving it a better name). The fact that they don't get this and instead believe that they have to try to be Spotify's low-IQ idiot cousin is a testament that they will never "get it". Somehow they are out of touch.

In no world is a disorganized, primitive, and featureless YTM service better than a feature-rich, well organized, well-designed GPM. GPM offered features to entertain both music enthusiasts and casual users.  YTM, on the other hand, offers features only for casual, shallow listeners who want to whack a big square and play music and play this week's trending music....while sitting on the toilet.
