Alexa didn't understand why her mother's smile looked so sad. Alexa had only brought her a picture to put on the fridge, just like any other time.

It was of a pretty woman that lived in Alexa's mind. She was very proud of it.

Her mother took the picture, staring down at it while Alexa waited. Her hands were clenched so tightly that the large thin paper was wrinkling around her fingers, making her daughter fret. She smoothed the creases she'd created and took a deep breath. Caroline couldn't let her emotions show, couldn't worry the little girl staring up at her. "This is *very* nice, Lexy. Did you do it yourself?" Maybe someone had given this to her?

"Uh huh!" Alexa confirmed exuberantly unwittingly dashing her mother's brief hope. "Her name's Calliope, isn't that pretty, mommy?"

Her mother's breath hitched and she blinked away tears. "That's a beautiful name, darling. Why don't I... Why don't I put this on the fridge?"

Alexa grinned. "Yay!"

&amp;#x200B;

The doctor came the next day, solemn and unsmiling as he took a seat in the living room where Alexa was playing with her dolls while she waited for Calliope to wake up and talk to her. Her new friend slept a *lot* in the bed she'd made for herself inside Alexa's head.

The doctor made her nervous, but her mother sat down beside him and told her he was a very nice man. She told Alexa to answer all of his questions.

The doctor asked her a *lot* of questions. All of them were about her new friend Calliope. What Calliope had told her, when she had first met Calliope, how often she spoke to Calliope, what Calliope was doing right now, they went on and on.

When he was finally done, he took her mother out of the room. They talked in quiet voices, but Alexa could hear a little of what they talked about through the cracked door, if she concentrated. Her mother had forgotten to close it all the way.

"-I've looked her up... epic poetry?" Her mother was asking.

The doctor's voice was soft, but Alexa could still hear him respond. "Over the years the Muses denominations have changed. Now it just depends on who they choose to inspire and what the Chosen do with it."

Alexa didn't know a lot of the words the doctor used. She decided to ask Calliope later, when her friend woke up.

Caroline's voice shook as she asked, "How long does she have? Can I... Can I make the Muse leave?"

Alexa could hear the doctor clear his throat. "Muses will only leave when they get what they want. As for how long that will take, well... there's no real way to know for sure. Not this early. But I can tell that Calliope has taken a liking to your daughter. That could be a good thing or..." He trailed off.

"Oh Gods." Her mother sobbed. Alexa jolted. She didn't like it when her mother was sad. She stumbled to her unsteady feet and toddled to the door, opening it all the way so that she could throw her arms around her mother's legs.

"Don't be sad, mommy." She glared at the doctor. Her mother had told her he was a nice man, why was he making her mother sad. He gazed back with steady eyes, unreadable. "Do you want him to go away?"

Her mother brushed her hand over Alexa's head. "Sweetheart..." She said softly, then sniffled. "Don't worry, he's not making me sad. Why don't you go back to the living room to play with your dolls while we finish talking, huh?"

Alexa sent one last scowl at the doctor before sighing. "Alright, mommy. I love you!"

"I love you too." Her mother said, tears in her eyes.

Alexa turned to go back into the living room as she was asked and could feel Calliope stirring in her head. She brightened. Calliope always had the *best* ideas for what to play!

The doctor left a little while later, and her mother joined her in the living room. She watched Alexa as the child babbled happily to herself, shaking the dolls in her tiny pudgy hands.

How had those hands created the near photo realistic picture that now hung in pride of place on the fridge, a beautiful woman rendered in crayon? Her daughter was only 4, why had the Muse chosen her? Why now?

She knew the prognosis, the inevitable outcome. It had taken her husband, and now it had come for her daughter.

Alexa would burn brightly, a beacon of brilliance in whatever the Muse guided her to do. But the flame of her creativity would be fueled by the Muse with Alexa's own life force until there was nothing left. Until her cheerful little girl was a husk of blank eyes and silence? Or searching desperately for the Muse that had already abandoned her in favor of her next victim... if Alexa lived through it at all.

How long would she be able to provide the kindling the Muse required?

She pressed her hand against her lips to prevent herself from alerting Alexa to her grief. She could not mourn her, not yet, not while Alexa was still so vividly alive.

Her little girl beamed at her, innocent and unaware of her own fate. This Muse, this *Calliope*, would snatch that smile away from her like the other one, Euterpe had taken her husband.

At first it was all so exciting. To be chosen by a *Muse*, it was so rare now that they had no idea of the consequences. They hadn't even thought to contact the specialized psychologist like she had done for Alexa.

Euterpe had chosen Alexander not long after they had gotten married, leading him to take up an instrument he'd never touched before. He would play for Caroline, eyes fever bright and face split with a manic smile. He went on to play in vast music halls, sharing his gift as Alexander would put it.

Caroline could still remember the aftermath, his bleeding fingertips working restlessly over the strings of his violin. Trying to please Euterpe, who was already turning her attention away from him. The frantic need he had felt to keep her. Alexander no longer played for Caroline, just for Euterpe.

Then... the day she had awoken, heavily pregnant with their daughter, next to his cooling body after Euterpe had finally abandoned him.

A month to the day later Caroline had clutched her screaming infant to her chest. She was all that remained of Alexander, a piece of him that Caroline coveted. All alone in the room they had given her in the labor ward, Caroline murmured the name she had chosen for her into her daughter's downy hair.

Was that a mistake? To name her for someone who had already been at the thrall of a Muse? Is that why Alexa had been chosen?

Was this all her fault?

Alexander had lived his life for Euterpe for 5 years, was Alexa doomed to die at *only* 9 years old?

"Mommy, I'm hungry. Is it dinner time yet?" Alexa asked, dragging her back to the present moment. She was so much like her father. More than Caroline could have ever anticipated.

She stood, pitching forward slightly, unbalanced by her emotions. But she managed to catch herself. Caroline smiled at her daughter with slightly trembling lips. "Not yet sweetheart. I'll go get it started, you just stay here and play with Call-" She couldn't say it, her voice broke on the accursed name. "Play with your friend." She managed to choke out.

Alexa cheered as she fled the room.

(Part 1... maybe?)
