Yes it is! It's nice to see the Lord blessing another with discernment in this matter.

That's not the only one either, there have been several that occurred, including this year. The [two halves of the American Eclipse](https://nationaleclipse.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/map_usa_2017_20244.png?w=656) also are extremely relevant (judgement on and the fall of America)

The two signs at the beginning of Revelation 12 have at least THREE layers to them (i'm simplifying them below).

1. the "woman" represents Israel throughout the OT
2. also represents virgin mary (a Roman Catholic has no hope of seeing beyond this interpretation, which is also the least important of them all)
3. the literal celestial alignment in the heavens (the Red Dragon one is next too)

This forum is not the place for such discussions though. I see they already deleted it...

When it comes to prophetic matters, most here are **totally** blind and unaware of the lateness of the hour. They will be caught "unaware" just as Paul warned us not to be, and do not "watch" as Jesus commanded us multiple times to do.

It's quite sad really, this is the most "christiany" forum reddit has to offer, which says a lot imo.

Considering that about 1/3 of the Bible is made up of prophetic verses, you would think the quantity of it would cause others to pay more attention to it. God WANTS His people to know what's happening, what's coming, and where we are at. 

We SHOULDN'T be oblivious to these things. That's also a fulfillment of prophecy in and of itself though, the state of the Church at the end of the age, lukewarm, apostate, lovers of themselves... 

Their eyes are gonna be opened up soon enough though, everyone's about to get rocked, whether they are prepped for it or not. Even the "corona" is in Bible prophecy =O)

Sadly, you will be more welcomed with Bible prophecy in the secular forums than you will here. I generally stay away from here for a reason, there's essentially no "outside the box" thinking allowed, and only cookie-cutter viewpoints that are taught from others are allowed here.
