Was camping, late at night, drinking and blazing, and chatting with a girl I'd known for years. I knew she was into me but for various reasons I didn't return the interest. Well, that night we were pretty gunned and she somehow ended up sitting on my lap, and booze doing what it does, I was feeling a little more inclined to.... see where things went. She's sitting under a blanket with me and... exploring with her hands, as am I.

Then out of nowhere she stood up, and loudly announced to those left around the fire that she was going to the bathroom and then to bed, and left. 

I thought that was pretty odd considering we'd literally just had our hands inside each other's clothing under this blanket, and being currently stuck with a raging hard-on after she'd been grinding on my lap, I wasn't too impressed, so I rolled a joint and griped about this situation to my buddy who came over and asked why I wasn't sleeping with her right now.

Well, 20 or 30 minutes later I decided I'd hit the sack too, it was well after midnight anyway and, to be quite frank, I needed to get some release for myself after she worked me up earlier.

Head back to my tent and find a note, with a condom pinned to it, that says "bring this to my tent with a joint and we'll fuck all night". Immediate reaction: 'fuck yeah!', followed shortly by 'wait, did she pin it THROUGH the condom?! She did! Weird.' 

I decided at that point to go to bed, since I was kinda pissed at her for ditching me by the fire with a massive hard-on anyway, already wasn't that interested in the first place, and the pin through the condom was a weird flag for me, to top it all off. Could've been an honest mistake, but we were mid 20's and both sexually experienced, not like 15 years old and unaware of the problem putting a fucking hole in your condom can cause.

This is already getting long enough so I'll spare you the drama the following morning, but suffice to say she was not at all happy I did not come find her for sexy times, not at all. I didn't really care though, the drama was confirming my decision the night before was a good one.

She moved away a couple years later, and quite some time after she moved I found out from some of our other common friends that she wanted to have my baby and was hoping to like... trick me into it somehow with booze, weed and "protected" sex that night. 

So yeah, pretty weird, and super happy I dodged a bullet there. Honestly, had she just whispered in my ear by the fire that she wanted to fuck me, and then brought me back to her tent and used a faulty condom, I might've had a baby on the way with someone I didn't even like. 

Some people, man, some people.

Not sure that qualifies as a weird hint per se, but definitely a bizarre occurrence!
