Man there's really nothing I can tell you to make you think critically huh? That sucks for you. I can't help but treat you like a case study, these are my observations:

You think any kind of criticism on Trumps character, no matter how valid or true, just amounts to "ORANGE MAN BAD". I wonder, do you find no problem with racism or the suppression of voters in a democracy? I'll say this loud and clear for you: it doesn't matter WHO it is. Be it Trump, Hillary, Bernie or someone else from any side of the political spectrum, if they are actually, truly racist or trying to threaten our democratic system, they deserve to be condemned for it. It's not people saying "ORANGE MAN BAD" just because. I mean, sometimes people do. But everyone here has had perfectly valid logic and arguments behind their views against him.

Besides I didn't even say whether or not I agreed with those allegations against Trump. I simply told you how he is widely regarded in an objective way. I stated cold hard facts and backed them up with literally hundreds of sources. You just don't want to hear me say it so you repeat your favorite catchphrase: "ORANGE MAN BAD" because it means you get to avoid thinking critically about it (which would mean admitting you're wrong, which you can't do because you're a coward lmfao)

What's hilarious is that you're literally attacking people in the same way you are deluded into thinking I am attacking Trump: "BLUE AND RED TEAM BAD REEE". It's the only thing you say and there is no logic behind it. But of course a primitive mind such as yours would see everyone but himself as "tribal". 

No one said anything about "teams" except you (over and over and over again...).

&gt;BAD TEAM is threatening democracy, so therefore if you're not against their threatening of democracy, you don't care whether democracy is threatened

I am completely 100 percent open to having my mind changed. Please explain how this is not true.

Everything you observe about these imaginary "teams" of strawmen is a complete and utter projection of your own motives. YOU only care about winning. YOU don't care one bit about what is moral. YOU are full of hate and YOU are one of the most neurotic people I've ever met. The real people that identify with the right and left are much more varied in their opinions and belief systems than you are deluded into thinking (you would not know this because you can't participate in a political discussion without claiming to be above everyone else). 

&gt; im not mocking him for valuing the existence of democracy and you know that! 

Dude... sorry but that is legitimately what it seemed like you are saying. I already explained why.

And actually, what he said was really only about democracy and nothing else. Perhaps you'd care to explain exactly HOW it's about anything other than that. Of course, you won't because you will conveniently ignore this part (and all the other parts that actually matter)! 

So there you have it. You're impossible to talk to because you will never consider another perspective other than your own. I've shot down every point (if you could call them that) you've had so far, and you have conveniently ignored it. 

You are a tragic joke. I've mostly enjoyed trying to get through to you, but after reading this last one I just feel genuinely sad for you. I have to wonder what your upbringing was like. You are the special kind of dumb and ignorant that people are surprised to learn is real. I'm not joking here buddy. You need to seriously spend some time thinking about your life, assuming you're not trolling.
