This is fucking insane. Like I said earlier, yes I get that there are probably many people that come in just looking for drugs for the thrill of it. But aren't they all trained to tell apart an addict from an actual person, hurting? 
I've been labelled as "drug seeking" as well, when I was legit passing out every 20-30 mins from the pain. I was told " well you must have taken or drank something that's making you pass out. Or you're faking. I KNOW you aren't actually fainting." Like uhhhh, ma'am, how does one fake a syncope? Like how do you take being totally out? How do I fake my blood pressure dropping into oblivion? My anemic, white-cell-count-through-the-roof-all-elecrolytes-dangerouly-low blood tests?! 

I do not mean to shit on medical staff here, because again, people like your night nurse that time and many incredible nurses and doctors that I've encountered are literally life-saving grace and the reason more patients stay alive while they are on shift. 
But I feel like there are way too many, who are just there for the money and either have never been seriously ill, have never had the kind of pain where you'd eat a life frog to make it stop, OR are just so plain arrogant and ignorant that the world outside of their understanding doesn't exist, so if they think you are making shit up, that's it, you are faking and just trying to get attention and medication you don't need; AND there is NOTHING, ABSOLUTELY NOTHING you can tell them or have your tests show that will convince them otherwise. 

I had a seizure from pain once. I was sooooo dehydrated because I've been vomiting for 3-4 days in a row non-stop, and apparently hella messed up electrolytes and the pressure and stress of pain can cause this. When I woke up, this ancient, white man doc that I've seen a few times asked me, "what's with all the passing out? Why do you pass out and wake up in the ward, do you not want to wait in line or something?" This was as I was sobbing in pain. I had lost control of my bladder during my seizure and due to the endometriosis stuff I had going on, I was bleeding pretty heavily. You can imagine the level of embarassing and desperate I was. Like the fuck man?! I'm in so much pain, and I'm bleeding and passing out... and somehow you think I'm faking this to get narcotics? 
I was given some wet wipes, a Tylenol and a gravol and told to go home. Needless to say, I was back in the hospital the next day, but this time I went to a different location. I ended up having to stay for 12 days because of how bad my condition was, but you know the day before I was written off as "drug seeking" and given a fucking Tylenol. 

I am so tired of this and my heart goes out to you and absolutely everyone fighting this battle. Y'all are SO strong. Keep going, despite all this shite, there are people who will take care of you just the right, kind and loving way. Blessed be ❤️
