Had anorexic subtype b/p. It required restriction with the goal of weight loss to be my main criteria. 

Binges were not necessarily about calories consumed but about the obsessive compulsive uncontrollable need to eat often leading to that dissociative ‘black out’ state. As my stomach had shrunk and I was unused to eating much my binges were often actually quite low calorie compared to those in BED. It was about behaviour not volume or calorie amounts and in anorexia with b/p subtype about eating otherwise ‘unsafe’ or ‘fear foods’ I restricted.

The purging was based in disgust and also the obsessive need to lose weight and punish myself as a form of self harm. I did not vomit but laxative use and not taking meds for a bowel condition that gave me severe diarrhoea were my method as it made me too unwell to eat and force me to restrict. I also walked obsessively to the point of stress fractures.

I did gain weight when I moved to anorexic b/p because my anorexia was often under 500 calories a day and a binge could take me to 1000 or 1500 and ‘only’ purging with laxatives achieved no real weight loss. But my lowest weight was low enough it took time to even gain enough weight to hit 18.5 BMI. 

My highest weight ultimately was 26.7 and by then I was more EDNOS due to strongly avoidant restrictive behaviours, food hoarding and being in treatment of a ‘weight stabilising’ diet for underweight anorexics despite being 23.5 BMI at start. By then I binged less but purged more as it was self harm I was after not weight loss. Came off the treatment plan at highest weight with medical issues and restricted immediately with no b/p. 

I struggle to keep my ducks in a row of restrict, binge and purge without whack a mole of one popping up when I think I have them all in line. My aim is always weight loss but for me straight up restriction is easy. It doesn’t punish me. It makes me euphoric/manic and unaware of its harm. I have to add the b/p to make it hard and feel it instead of just make it easy. My weight has not gone up in 5 years. Still working on totally erradicating restrict-binge-purge tendencies. I get my high off not eating, never hide eating and have no binge/purge triggers but multiple restriction triggers.

It’s a weird one. My bulimic GF can put away thousands of calories in a binge picking specific food easy to purge, only purges through vomiting and has much more obviously disordered eating habits to the untrained eye than me such never eating proper meals, obsessive sugar consumption, food reptitions, hidden eating, night eating and asking for trigger foods to be physically hidden. Her motivation is not weight loss but to use binge/purge as a pressure valve for emotion. 

She wants to numb her self with binges and then remove the need to be numbed by purging it all out. She struggles with impulse control, gets proper ‘hits’ off certain foods and her bulimia is like self sabotage for strong feelings. Her binges/purges are much more infrequent than mine but mine are like mini events compared to her hours long ones. Our EDs predate meeting each other and its so weird seeing the overlaps but the wild differences.
