Smoking.... Alcohol... Weed... Prostitutes... literally all of these things are bad. Let's start with smoking. 

Smoking is one of the worst things you can do. First of all, it's actually very addictive. The way cigarettes are designed is that they make your brain want more of it. So you saying you won't smoke anymore after 21 is going to be very hard if you have smoked during it. What makes it worse is that smoking will destroy your lungs, and it might even give you cancer. 

Alcohol is also similiar to smoking. It is very addictive, but it is actually harmful. When you drink alcohol, you might become drunk. While being drunk, you're quite unconscious and unaware of what's going on. Because of that, you might do other horrible things, like killing or rapping someone who's innocent, because you're completely unaware of what happens. Especially when you drive a car while drunk, the chances of you crashing are actually very high because you're so unaware of what's going on. This results in a lot of problems, you might even kill someone who was innocent and it might not be labelled as an accident - don't quote me on that as I am not a lawyer - or you yourself might even crash and die while driving drunk. All of these actions that could happen while being drunk are just horrible and are equally bad. They cause a lot of problems and destroy society even more. Not only all of this could happen from drinking alcohol, there also a lot of other diseases from alcohol. Alcohol is also one of the main reasons people get cancer. 

As for weed, I don't know much about it, but I know that it is very addictive. People say that it feels good, but actually, that comes at a heavy price of their health. Weed can definitely be harmful to your body. 

And lastly, prostitutes. Alright, so a prostitute is someone who will sell you sex, right? Let me ask you a question. How does it feel to have sex with someone who doesn't even now what kind of music you like, who are you even, and this one you're having sex with just wants your money? Horrible right? Absolutely. Not only does it damage your mental health, there are also a lot of other dangers such as STDs, HIVs, the prostitute might accidentally get pregnant - now you might say "well abortion and what not" but not all humans are as kind as that. There are some scummy scums in this planet who will take advantage of you. One of them are prostitutes who got pregnant while you were having sex with them - and even tho you were wearing a condom it is not a 100% chance to avoid pregnancy, it's actually like 95% - who will falsely frame you for rape and use that child as evidence. And now your whole reputation is destroyed, and everyone calls you a rapist even though you're not, and it's gonna be very hard to disprove it. You might be asking "what's even the benefit of doing all that?" Some people just want to see other people suffer for no reason. It's just their hobby. 

I hope you know why all of these four things are just horrible.
