Get active: Do sport/walk more/drive by bike more, eat healthy, consume less meat, sugar, drink clean water, read, educate yourself   
Readjust your internet activity away from vanity sites to educational sides.  
Help others in the real world while obeying the current CoVid19 pandemic.  
Being a better person than you currently are can start with small steps. Pe.: telling yourself everyday that you like yourself and/or that you are happy with what state you are in can do a lot.  
Motivation is tied to being productive and therefore being good. So make sure to motivate yourself from your inner core since that motivation lasts for longer.  
Experts suggest killing stress for your self in close future helps staying relaxed and avoiding procrastination.  
In case you lack creativity don't tell yourself you are too old or too dumb to create something. Creativity means that you realize that you can do anything at any time and expressing your creativity is the art of giving you the flexibility needed to these things.  
Are you somebody who cannot resist the last slice of cake in the fridge or watching a series instead of training/educating or even sleeping? It is way easier to resist when you eliminate these temptations in your close environment, because then you don't need to bother yourself resisting to them all the time.  
Don't do drugs. In case you are already doing any (that includes alcohol, cigarettes, and more lethal ones) get yourself professional help. They don't make you cooler or better they make you numb, unaware and dangerous for your surroundings and lose you the ability to make out properly what is right and wrong while you faster and faster sink into a pond of problems.  
Don't lend more than you can pay back in at least one month from other people.   
Don't gamble at any point on anything. When somebody invites you to gamble they got it all figured out and want to take your money.  
And last:  
What you define as good is your own opinion. Here I gave you some guidlines which might help you while establishing your own good but good is a perception which nobody can really give you a absolute answer to. It's tied to the purpose of you and that's something only you are able to determine.  
Have a nice day and life \^\^
