I'm from Italy and I hold great value for people like Sadhguru (for true "spiritual masters" of every kind). It's difficult discussing these things because usually people have a lot of prejudices and they think they have a clear vision of the world and the situations.

I'd like to discuss and answer questions and doubts regarding him, not because I know him personally but maybe I could offer some valid point of view. I don't think all of you are very rational and critical in your opinions.

Now what I can say, I heard some people saying they were surprised that people that looked sane and intelligent were following him.

I don't want to bore you with the story of my life, it is not interesting because it is my life but I'd like to give you some context. I always had an indipendent mind, I refused to accept anything just because someone said me so. For some reasons I lived my life as an existential drama (I can tell you more if you need) but I nevere accepted solace in any belief, from ever. What I didn't know, I didn't know. At some point I stopped caring for myself, I reached a certain dispassion for my life. There was some despair hidden into me but there was even a certain freedom because nothing scared me. I left school and I stopped caring for having relationships or anything for my personal benefit. In that period something happened inside me. It transformed me deeply. I was bursting with love and ecstasy, then I was living intense pain and then again a deep sense of love and ecstasy. In some moments I barely could find myself anywhere. After these I could understand what "spiritual" masters, people from anywhere in the world were saying. This doesn't put me above anyone but I think that if a human being doesn't experience this, it is not touched by this in some way, he/she cannot understand it. Cannot deeply understand certain people, certain ways of living life.

Of course I don't have any appreciation of hypocrisy as a virtue, many people think he is a fraud. I suppose most people don't know about spiritual people and spiritual masters in the world (Have you ever seen Mooji on youtube? He is so candid), they usually don't charge money for "spreading spirituality". But Sadhguru said that if in 20/25 years the population of Earth doesn't start looking inward in an important way, we as human beings are going to live some pretty bad times. I don't know about your opinions but I can see this since I was a little more than a child. What is science and "progress" for if we are only going to create more destruction because we as humans are very unaware and full of conflicts?So in his words his business is made to spread a way (Yoga/spirituality) that has the power to impact the Earth in a meaningful way, for the better of everyone.I actually find it funny that many people who make fun of conspiracy theorists are dead sure about Sadhguru being a fraud because this looks to me like a conspiracy theory without any evidence. There are millions of people who volunteer for Isha. But none of you can think that maybe these people or some of them see something that you don't see. You only think they must be stupid or exploited in some way.Having doubts is okay. I just wish people were more open and could take off their prejudices.
