&gt; So I should stop wanting the things I want because there is a portion of the population who will find it a turn off? Considering the central ethos of the MAGA movement was "fuck them libs, let's buy mugs for their tears", this was not an illuminating point.

Not sure how your conclusion here is I'm telling you what you should and shouldn't like. I'm simply saying the insufferable self-righteousness and unflappable belief in being right about anything and everything from a significant number of people of a left-leaning persuasion is a major turnoff for a lot of people, and it's resulting in outcomes you don't like. See your other statements below, for example.

&gt; This was more of a referendum of fascism than a normal election, pretending anything about this was "just another election like happens every 4 years" is so dumb I don't know why we're even talking anymore.

If you honestly believe that, then yeah, you and I live in completely different realms of existence. Try staying off twitter for a couple weeks, you might find your way back to reality eventually.

&gt; The basis for leveling your accusations of hypocrisy lies on 1) this being a normal election, which is false 2) people on Saturday taking no precautions, which is false and 3) once-in-a-generation celebrations are no different than going to a movie theater on a tuesday night, which is false

Again, you think this was an abnormal election for some reason. Maybe you're just really young and unaware of anything that happened before 10 years ago, but every election for the last 30+ years has been billed as "the most important election in history". Someone gets elected, someone loses, and the country moves on. This is no different, and it's certainly not a "once-in-a-generation celebration". The fact you think it's ok to attend a big party, even if you're distancing (lol, totally distanced in a crowd of 500 people) and wearing a mask, neither of those things are 100% effective. Again, you're willing to ignore everything you reeeeeee'd and screeched about from people who disagree with you because it's for a cause you like. It's nothing but hypocrisy.

&gt;We probably don't need to keep this going if you're not going to walk back any of the foolish shit you've said thus far

See my first comment in this response. Thanks for proving my point.
