Trans people are valid, but it's really not that simple. There are a lot of problems with trying to find gender in neuroscience.

Methodologically these studies can only ever be as good as the gender reported by their participants. But if there's some neural objectivity to gender, then presumably a lot of people out there are "actually" trans or non-binary and unaware of it, or not out. This means that the data is full of imperfection since their cis population could contain "hidden" trans people. This gets even more complex if you start thinking of how non-binary people would show up in the data.

For every study that showed something being similar among trans and cis people of the same gender, there's another that showed the opposite. [E.g. this study which checked the size of various brain proportions and sizes and found transwomen to be closer to cis men than to cis women](https://academic.oup.com/cercor/article/21/11/2525/275208) This kind of reverse results should not be read as a refutation of trans identity, but then I think it follows that the results that do find similarity between trans and cis people of the same gender are tapping into something meaningful either. 

Third, for studies that did find a similarity between cis and trans people of the same gender, it's always in some arcane property of the brain that we cannot map to any function. for instance [Luders et al. (2014)](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3867125/) found that trans woman are more similar to cis women that to cis men in the amount of grey matter in the putamen. Are we now supposed to think that the amount of grey matter in the putamen *is* gender? The putamen is mostly associated with highly-learned motor functions, why would gender "be" there. If anything the easier interpretation is that Luders et al. didn't find gender, but various aspects of gender norms and presentation as it pertains to movement, since this is a motor skill area. [Rametti et al. (2011)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0022395610001585#sec2.1) used Fractional Anisotropy to detect that the directionality of the organization of white matter microstructure in trans women is more similar to that of cis women than to that of cis men. But like wtf is the directionality of white matter microstructure for? No one has a clue, and the idea that that's what gender *is* is meaningless.

These studies rarely actually find identity between trans and cis people; more commonly it's sort of in-between. For instance [Nota et al. (2017)](https://sci-hub.se/https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0306453017305590) measured functional connectivity of the resting-state networks and the similarity they find is not that great. If you look at figure 3 of the paper you'll see that different measures go either way in likening trans people to either their actual gender or their AGAB. 

Relatedly, all of these studies cannot detect cause and effect. Brain differences also arise out of learning and doing. We can't jump from brain differences to innate gender, because a lot of the differences could be learned. The grey matter in the putamen from Luders et al. may be better explained by behaviors adopted by trans women that resemble behaviors of cis women, i.e. gender presentation and not gender.

A model of innately gendered brain is also culturally naive. We have clear evidence that gender has a huge cultural component that just cannot be about raw biology. Think of all the cultures with a 'third gender': two-spirits, fa'afafine, hijras, or the Bugis people which have five social genders. Those are all different and show that the gender "repertoire" of a community is cultural. Gender is also not a pure emanation of the self; there's some back-and-forth with society. Leslie Feinberg spends a good chunk of Stone Butch Blues telling about how when they were a kid they kept being asked "are you a boy or a girl?". That experience, that crucial way of having a body that didn't fit in the cultural codes of femininity or masculinity was obvious crucial to their growing up to be non-binary. Or think of all the aspects of dysphoria that are purely cultural: some people have dysphoria for hair length, clothing, or make-up. There's no way those very culturally arbitrary facts of gender presentation have themselves a biological basis, so clearly dysphoria, however biologically-influenced, is not independent of nurture. This entails that it's not reducible to biology, though of course it interacts with it.

I say: let's stop trying to medicalize gender. It's way more complicated than having a blue or pink brain.
