Would you want to go to school in another country perhaps? You might be able to get a student visa. You can also get work visas without necessarily needing a degree, if you know a trade like construction that could get your foot in the door. There are also countries that actually need citizens and will pay people to move to their towns, and you can work a basic job and work towards citizenship. Still not easy, but absolutely worth looking in to. 

Either way, you’re very hard on yourself, and I’m not gonna tell you not to be because that’s like telling a depressed person to be happy, but I was and still am very hard on myself and thought of myself as a toxic piece of shit for most of my life. Only in the past few years have I really begun to see clearly and become the “real” me, someone I actually like rather than hate. All I’m saying is, you were not born to be a wage slave, nobody was born to be anything, some people are just dealt much shittier hands than others. Our brains have a cruel habit of making us hate ourselves and think we deserve shit lives, but if you’re someone who is kind to people and are able to ask existential questions like this, you do not deserve shitty-ness, you’ve just become so used to thinking you’re worthless, it’s an incredibly hard mindset to break free from. 

If I may, I reaaallly recommend meditation. I used to never take it seriously, I thought it was just sitting down and thinking about things, but once I committed myself to it, it’s pretty life changing. I tried and failed to commit to it several times, failing is okay, but keep trying, you have nothing to lose. Eventually it will become a habit. Just sit or lie down, close your eyes, focus on the blackness of your eyelids, imagine it’s a void like you’re looking into space, and just breathe, slowly and fully, and concentrate on the feeling of breathing in and out. Whatever thoughts come to mind, don’t try to fight them, think about them for a sec, then focus on the black space between your eyes again. It can be incredibly powerful, people are literally able to control their immune systems and hormone levels with mediation, and the science is all there for skeptics. 

It’s easy to worry about the future, I’m always thinking about my loved ones dying and am saddened by the meaninglessness of the universe, but mediation is just about being in the present, try not to worry about what’s going to happen or what will be, just focus on your senses, what do you feel? What do you hear? It can be relaxing as well as illuminating. Our reality can be cruel and brutal, but there’s so much beauty as well. Think about how beautiful it is when a human and their dog make eye contact, they’re two different animals that have incredible love and loyalty toward one another. I think that’s one of the purest connections in the universe. Or maybe watch an ant going about it’s business, crawling slowly on the pavement, it’s so tiny and unaware of everything else there is, but it’s just this little thing living it’s life, when I think about things like that I can’t help but smile. I really hope you find some peace, feel free to DM me if you wanna talk about anything, and try to take things one day at a time. Regardless of what anyone else says, you’re here, your life matters, and you matter.
