No, she wasn't a bad person, but that doesn't mean she's a good person either, and nor does it mean that she's 'out of touch with reality' or has 'lost it'. Sometimes people aren't inherently good or bad, and just make poor decisions.

For example, her main reason for marrying Rose off is because of her father's debts. She wants them to keep their extravagant life together, and the only way that can happen is if Rose marries Cal. She thinks she's doing what's best for Rose and herself. She wasn't so much ignoring how Rose felt as entirely dense and unaware of how unhappy she was. That's not being out of touch with reality, some people are just bad at reading other people's emotions, especially since Rose didn't seem very keen on revealing those emotions to Cal or her Mother. Rose is her child, and she is going off with this steerage boy, and putting her relationship at Cal at risk, and Ruth thinks the marriage with Cal is what's best for her and Rose. Ergo, Rose doesn't know what's best for herself and Ruth has to make sure she doesn't do anything stupid.

This almost entirely explains her actions in the movie. Ruth and Rose have serious communication problems and Ruth thinks she's doing what's best for her and her child (because Rose doesn't know). This is why she behaves so rudely to Jack (another reason for which is the class divide and how inappropriate it would have been to socialize with someone of the working class) and is so unaware of Rose's unhappiness and pushes back on Rose not wanting to marry Cal and her seeing Jack.

As far as the part with the lifeboats goes, that's entirely different. Few of the first class were taking the sinking seriously when the earlier boats were being loaded, the same way she wasn't. She's a first class lady and she cares about class and comfort, and doesn't seem to be aware that half the people are going to die (until Rose tells her) Discriminating against people of lower classes was wrong then and it is wrong now, but because of the time and circumstances in which she was brought up, we can't expect her to know any better, or for such ingrained values to immediately change. Such discrimination was perfectly acceptable back then.

TLDR; Ruth is a flawed human being, and a mistaken mother who believes she is entirely justified in her actions. She is not good or bad, and she has not 'lost it' either.
