"Agree to disagree"

"I'm blocking you!"

How many times are you going to post your Ls on here by constructing these elaborate farewell posts only to angrily post more? This is just wasting my time man. 

&gt;Tell me how you, someone non-vegan, treats animals better than me, as someone vegan? It is a fact that to animals, I am a better person than you. 

In a consistent theme throughout this conversation, I'll once again remind you that you just saying something is a fact doesn't make it so. You have to establish that the act of eating meat is immoral, which you can't do because every time you even address it you just fall into another tautological platitude like "abuse is wrong!" without even establishing that it's abuse. A person eating meat to survive is no different than another animal eating meat to do the same, but your only response to that was to literally say that no one eats meat to survive lol. 

&gt;Anyways, I’m not actually interested in fighting on this issue,

Yeah man that's why you came to me to bitch and can't actually leave the conversation alone. You are literally so vain that you can't have me criticize you fellating yourself about how good you are without responding. It's pathetic. You know what though, at least you haven't denigrated the Holocaust or slavery in a few comments! Progress. 


&gt; it’s just an objective fact that vegans and vegetarians lean brown and poor worldwide and in the US. 

Like again, please for the love of god don't be joking about finding that high school debate club. To refresh, you never responded to my point about the difference between correlation and causation on income and politics, and their effect on diet. Not that race literally has anything to do with this other than a red herring to make you feel better, but again these aren't even a response to my original point. That *some people* of a demographic don't face a particular barrier that others do *doesn't mean* the barrier doesn't exist. It's like saying black people don't disproportionately face issues in poll access because your black friend Jerry had no problems voting. I can't explain the most rudimentary concepts of research methodology like generalization to you if you're not willing to learn, but you refusing to concede that you're wrong for not addressing a point doesn't mean it's okay. 

&gt; The country with the highest number of vegetarians is India, with 40% vegetarian, who make on average $2k GDP per year. 

Who cares? This has nothing to do with anything. Yet again you just blogging. Like if love to hear you explain what you think this proves. Should we then compare the GDP of non-vegetarian countries like the US to India like diet is the causative factor in growing economies? 

&gt; And on average, animal consumption increases with GDP per capita. Richer people eat and kill more animals. And poorer and browner people, including in the US, are more likely to be vegan and vegetarian. Those are objective facts. As in, you have to accept them, no exceptions, unless you can produce better data. 

Even if I do accept them without sources, again 1) you're not controlling for consumption in general, and 2) what does the consumption of meat by wealthy people have to do with the barriers of some people to vegan diets? Like this is honestly fucking hilarious that can't understand these points have nothing to do with one another. Like my original point was that it's harder for people of low SES in the US to alter their eating patterns due to a variety of reasons (lack of options to shop at, lack of transportation to different markets, lack of resources for this, lack of time/energy to properly research/invest in/execute entirely new, strict diets, etc.) and your response was "rich people eat meat". I need you to acknowledge this is a non-sequitur. 

&gt;Saying that poor people lean liberal so that’s the causal factor rather than financials doesn’t matter. 

Lol. It very much does because it ruins the validity of your statement. It means you don't have a controlled environment for an experiment and rather than address it, you're just choosing to ignore it in favor of confirming your own belief. Shocker that you don't know what you're talking about!

&gt;If you want to stereotype vegans in the US (which seems to be your goal) 

Again, you don't even understand what I'm saying. You're talking to a figment of your imagination. My goal had to do with discussing the experience of low SES populations to food networks, so I have no idea what the hell you're talking about my goal being to stereotype vegans. Way to tattle on yourself that merely talking to other people worries you about stereotypes, though lmao.

&gt;If your point is about food deserts being a problem for poor people, fast food consumption being unhealthy and convenient and negatively effects POC and poor people’s health, you are right. 

THIS IS QUITE LITERALLY MY POINT, and you have no fucking idea what you're talking about when you say that it doesn't impact their ability to maintain a strict vegan diet. How does lack of access, time, and resources not impact what food you can eat? It's practically in the definition. 

Like how fucking hard was it to just admit this? You're so proud and ignorant that you can't admit that barriers of access exist between low SES populations and food choice, a well studied phenomenon? So incredibly difficult. For every reason that it's harder for these populations to access healthful food, the same barriers limit access to vegan options. 

&gt;You say you are far-left in your flair. Go read what Angela Davis has to say about veganism and treatment of farm animals.

Might want to read my flair again, chief. Lol. Self parody at this point.
