Oh totally no one has ever quit their job to go travel and take a break from the work life. National parks are still open in the US to some extent and still plenty to do.

The market is pretty decent still for public accounting jobs, especially for experienced associates and up, so I don't see the risk. 

Now let's discuss your political comment:

I mean the pandemic in itself is very much a political discussion as we are in this situation because of mismanagement at the political level and the lack of care through a decent chunk the US.

You can still travel within the US if you so want to. Is it the same? No, but I know a handful of people traveling and taking vacation still within the US. Plus not everything is closed.

So the person I originally responded left such a open ended suggesting that traveling in the middle of a pandemic is some how wrong ,bad, or dumb?? when the populace has shown collectively that that they don't care, political leaders from both side can't actually lead and make the hard decisions, so the overall lack of awareness to cast some shade onto a suggestion when society in itself collectively has failed in the US at handling this. If I quit my job tomorrow and If I want to go travel, I am going go do it. Why should I care about society if society in itself has completely gone against what is suggested not to do!

I understand people need to feel righteous and the need to feel they are the better individual every chance they get but the lack of awareness of the general climate of covid 19 is hilarious and hypocritical across the entire nation.

Oh covid 19 cases are spiking, oh no shit because it was just halloween, election season, tons of mass gathering's from both the left and right and people still have the audacity to cast shade and use the pandemic as some kind of wrench of righteousness because I suggested traveling?

Are you people so lost and unaware of anything that is going on or do you just put on the blinders of all the miss actions and lack of action to stuff that is actually driving cases? Or do you just need to find every chance to make someone look bad even without the glaring hypocrisy of society?

it is absolutely maddening on what US society has become or slowly becoming.
