Agreed. My best friend is a single mom and I’ve been close with her since her son was 2, years before I met my BF. We’ve been so close due to estrangement with my family, that all holidays I spent for years were with her family. I had birthday cakes with her and her son and then her daughter when she was born. Around that time their Dad left and has been completely out of the picture. We’re so close I call her kids my niece and nephew. On and off I’ve gone from babysitting everyday, to just weekends throughout the years. When I met my BF, I was clear how important the kids were to me and my being there for them. He accepted it. We’ve been together 5 years, and like I said at times I’d have to watch them 3-4 days in a row, or an entire weekend. Sometimes he’d grumble how I’m babysitting again! But he knew that she needed me. He also has done things with me and the kids those days and he learned quickly how freaking stressful and exhausting 2 kids are even just for a few hours. 

He’s always known my GF is an excellent mom and she just needs me because she has to work, or when her parents need a break and he’s learned to enjoy his time alone, or he’s learned to enjoy the time with them when they come here. The kids love him and he loves them. 

If he ever behaved the way OP’s husband did, I’d be gone. Being in a child’s life is a big responsibility and when they are family or like family, it’s important. For me, it isn’t just about helping my friend, it’s also about doing what makes me happy. I love those kids and being with them and spending time with them, especially since they grow so freaking quick (they are now 13 and 7) is something that means a lot to me. It is what I CHOOSE to do and what I WANT to do, even if on that particular day I don’t feel like it, or I have a lot going on. It’s still important to me that I’m there for them and for a friend who made me apart of her family when I had no one for a time. 

Going by how many times OP helps, her husbands annoyance is ridiculous. To me it sounds like he just doesn’t want to share her with anyone. He doesn’t want kids in their house. But, that’s her family, and his too. Family helps family. If he can’t handle kids, which some people can’t and I get that especially younger ones, then he could always make plans for himself on those days or talk to his wife about watching them at her sisters house so he could have quiet time at home. At least that’s something. 

But it seems like he just doesn’t want his wife helping these kids at all. He seems to think that it’s being a bad mother having to work and support your children, and he doesn’t seem to realize how much actual childcare costs or why it makes sense for anybody to use a relative who’s eager to watch them and not nearly as expensive as childcare. He seems horribly immature and unaware of what’s even going on here. When I was younger my aunt was a single mom and my mom was in the early stages of MS and stayed at home for me and my sister. She would watch my Aunt’s kids (Dad’s sister) and us which has her babysitting 5 days a week for 4 kids under 7. She did that because that’s what you do for family. Obviously, it was an even bigger benefit because as cousins we all got to grow up together and it was so much fun for us. My point being that family doesn’t force kids or make you feel obligated to watch them, but when it works out for those involved, you help out. That’s all. 

So he doesn’t have to be OK with his sister in law taking advantage of his wife because she’s not. His wife wants to help her sister, her sister needs help, and there’s nothing wrong with any of this. The fact he called CPS, an agency to provide help for abused or neglected kids, and admitted it was in the hopes of sending a wake up call to sister in law not to use them for babysitting, is disgusting. He’s a terribly immature and oblivious man. He seems to be totally disregarding his wife and her family and thinking only of himself. I hope she gets into counseling with him where they can discuss this because what he did isn’t normal and I don’t want to automatically assume he’s like this when it comes to all aspects of their marriage. But she should find out if she’s blind to the fact that he is.
