Three time VCUG victim here...I'm so glad I found this thread. I wish for everyone that we were coming together under happier circumstances, and maybe some day when real change when it comes to diagnostic tests like this are made that will in fact be the case, but it sounds like for now they're still performing this godawful procedure.

A few things: 

does anyone know if there are any alternatives available 
 to this for parents whom are being told their child needs this procedure? Because if there are maybe if someone would post what those alternatives are so that they can bring them up to their children's doctor that would be a start to having less traumatized kids/adults walking this earth.

How is there not a lawsuit filed by anyone whose been through this? The reasons people sue are at the very least the reasons that bring most of those who find themselves here hoping to find relief, understanding, and even going so far as to prevent more harm. Last time I checked, trauma is trauma, and just because someone has a PhD and gloves on doesn't mean that whatever they do is ok. As we can all see and as most of us know, there is NOTHING "ok" about this procedure when it's done on a child the way it has been. Let's not downplay this...we've got people here talking about How this one event has literally molded how they function. In a completely debilitating way.....TWENTY PLUS YEARS LATER! THAT IS NOT OKAY! 

One last thing; I could relate to so much of what so many of you described. Particularly the parts where I would think this procedure was being done as a punishment and wondering what I did wrong and then after I would avoid doing eating, wearing, saying,  anything and everything I could possibly remember having done before the procedure since I was so terrified and unaware of just what it was that caused me to have to be punished like that. But I have also this memory of one of the doctors just being completely sadicticallu mean to me during one of them. Like almost as if he was enjoying the fact thatbi was in so much pain. Did anyone else get that sense? I know there are sickos out there and i think you'd have to be a sicko to put a kid through this.
