Honestly, she doesn't seem like much of a friend. I'm a grad, so I've experienced what she's experienced, but if a close friend had gone through what you did? I would have ACTUALLY been there for you, and NEVER complained about pregnancy symptoms, or brought it up AT ALL. It's not hard to be a decent human being. DEFINIETLY wouldn't have ever dismissed a miscarriage, which is exactly what she did. And I've never experienced a miscarriage, but that doesn't mean I can't be empathetic that it's extremely hard. 

I've been on both sides, and honestly I find these things show you people's true character. Don't feel guilty for not being there for her, she showed that she wasn't there for you. Relationships require work from both sides, and yeah sometimes one needs more than the other, and sometimes one can't give anything, but the fact she didn't even ask you about you, or had enough sensitivity to NOT talk about her pregnancy, which is not a huge fucking ask. 

I bet if you look back through your friendship, this is not the first time that she's been incredibly selfish. It's just not as obvious before. She was always like this, maybe a bit worse when she was pregnant, but I bet you were always the one putting effort in this relationship. 

I ended a friendship when we were struggling to conceive. She was always a bit annoying, but was a good work friend. Well she had her baby when we were hitting that stage of trying when I was really struggling, and all she could talk about was her baby. And some of that is normal, but literally she was not able to talk about ANYTHING else. And she had talked to me DAILY about their fertility struggles, so I thought she'd understand how stressful it can be (and at that point we had been trying longer than they had taken.) I would try to change the subject from her baby to other people at work, or ANYTHING ELSE, and she'd bring it right back to her baby. The last lunch with her, I eventually just stopped talking, and she didn't seem to notice, too busy talking about her baby. She tried to book lunch with me a month or two later, which I refused. At the time I thought it was to apologize, but I wasn't ready to see her, I was still too angry at her complete lack of empathy. A month later she announced her second pregnancy, and I realized that she had no idea she had upset me, and she wanted to tell me all about her pregnancy. She always had been this selfish, and unaware of everything around her, it just became way more obvious, and worse, when she got pregnant. No regrets ending that friendship! Luckily she decided to stay home with her kids, and didn't come back to work, so it's so easy to avoid her now!
