Our cat is totally indoor. He has a cat tree upstairs and downstairs and lots of toys. Even something simple like the lid off a soft drink bottle that will roll on its side, he loves to play with, but be ready to fish it out from under the fridge and furniture.  He has two litter trays in one of the bedrooms at opposite ends of the room. One he uses to wee in, the other strictly poops.  We found keeping these trays really clean helps heaps. So remove any wet litter or poop as soon as practical and replace it with fresh clean litter. The litter trays were bought at the Reject Shop for $2.50 each so they are nothing whizz bang but easy to clean and sturdy made out of plastic.  Also we made him a little cat cave separate from his cat trees where he can go in and hide but still look out at everything. We did find that the one time he got out he'd lost a bit of his outdoor awareness. He just seemed a bit disorientated and unaware of what was going on, like cars and dogs. He doesn't go out at all anymore. Also lots of hugs, positive reinforcement and talk to him and include him in things. Often people do this more with a dog than a cat.  If he has a toileting accident, don't berate him. If it's poop put it in the tray and cover it up or if it's wee clean it up quietly and gently put him in the litter tray.  Cats are clean, if something goes wrong it can be due to a change in their routine or sometimes it's just an off day.  In the end, litter training is patience and persistence and always with lots of praise. The things I suggested worked for us and I think our dear boy is happy and we do not have a big place, it's just split levels. When we started litter training we would put him in his tray occasionally, at different times but someone else may have a better suggestion and there should be lots of stuff online but ignore anything that remotely suggests any discipline. It won't work as they associate bad things with their litter tray. As I said this worked for us but other people will have other ideas too. Good luck!🐈
