Found this useful so copying the text for myself to go back over again later, and in case anyone has insta blocked. Thanks, good find :)

cptsd_life - DISSOCIATION &amp; MINDFULNESS 

If you have wondered why people with C-PTSD and dissociation struggle with mindfulness/meditations, it's because the body is doing exactly what it knows to do

Mindfulness is about developing awareness of the present moment experience from a compassionate, non-judgemental position. It is becoming more conscious of the body and emotions from a one-step removed objective perspective. Mindfulness is a trait developed through practices that include, but are not limited to meditations. Mindfulness is very beneficial when relating to ourselves and others. It assists with body regulation, attuned communication, balancing emotions, empathy, flexible responses, fear adjustment, insight, intuition and morality

Dissociation, on the other hand, is the grand master of survival. In many ways it is a state of missing Mindfulness. The brain tells us that feeling these feelings, knowing the fear, being aware of the circumstances, and connecting with reality is threatening and not safe. The body logically reacts to any kind of action to look inward and shuts down

Mindfulness is about knowing, awareness and connection, to help build safe and secure relationships. Dissociation is about not knowing, being unaware and disconnected, as a life preserving function. Mindfulness exercises can simply be too much for a dissociated person, and furthermore, dissociation will be used to escape the intense feelings. The brain will just simply cut them off. Therefore attempts at Mindfulness can inadvertently reinforce dissociation by blowing people out of their window of tolerance

If you do not feel safe practicing mindfulness/meditations, there is nothing wrong with you. Your body just isn't ready, and it is possible there are aspects of Mindfulness where it may never be ready. You may need that safety and thats perfectly OK. There is no shame in keeping yourself safe. As with anything trauma related, slower is faster and it is possible with time, patience, safety and gentleness to develop a somewhat "mindful brain.

"What Mindfulness can learn about Dissociation and what Dissociation can learn from Mindfulness" Forner (2018)
