&gt; My degree is literally in American history you absolute rube. 

And yet you don't know basic facts about it, like the importance of religion to the abolitionist movement, or the association between Northern industrialists and the Republican party.

You call me a rube, but this is basic history here.

Your degree is worth jack crap if you don't know basic shit like this.

Where did you go to school where you didn't even learn stuff that you learn in high school in US history class?

&gt; They're not "beliefs" they're education. 

No, they are beliefs. Beliefs that have little connection with reality. You called me a rube, but you don't know basic US history, despite supposedly "majoring" in it.

Seriously, what sort of education did you receive where you don't know basic facts like that the Republicans - the party of the north - were associated with industrialism and business, which were, you know, big Northern things?

Or that the party that opposed slavery would have major ties to religion because of the many highly religious abolitionists, the people who felt that slavery was ungodly and un-Christian?

It's incredibly obvious to anyone with even the most basic grasp of history that these groups would be associated with the Republican party - and lo and behold, *they were*.

If you don't even know such basic facts about US history as the differences between the North and South before the Civil War, and what groups were associated with Republicans...

I mean, your degree isn't worth whatever you paid for it.

What sort of awful teachers did you have that they didn't teach you this stuff?

&gt; I seriously hope you consider father schooling.

Further schooling would be the American way of putting it, which makes me strongly suspect you aren't an American, or you're not nearly as educated as you think you are.

The irony is that you're engaging in some hardcore psychological projection here, which is why you believe that I am ignorant and unaware of it - because you are ignorant and unaware of it.

Seriously, look it up. It's not hard to find this information. The Republican party was in favor of tariffs to protect industry for a reason.
