I understand and get it. People should protect themselves. That's why I make sure my at risk family members  are  protected.
but you seem like a very smart person.. and I hate to say it but older adults and  many at risk adults don't seem to get that in high risk environments and exposed to people who are willing to assume the risk of getting the virus such as yourself who could be contagious and unaware of it. they need to be wearing a n95 mask and a face shield.. as that's the only thing that somewhat protects them from a person with covid who is unwilling to protect others.
. I just see the older ladies and men in the supermarkets and I worry about them, barely able to get around not wearing thier mask right.  Don't you? I know I'm low risk since I'm super careful (I live with my elderly mother) but I wear a mask because if I did get it and hurt others who don't understand or can't access the level of protection needed ...and resulted in thier deaths or disability,. I couldn't live with myself.  A good cloth mask with a filter isn't expensive and the risk to others vs benefit to others seems clear. Masks and handwashing are basically one of the main reasons everyone doesn't die from surgery (the medical staff wears them to protect the patient). Not everyone can deal with the repercussions of serious Illness with aplomb. And I feel like the elderly and their wisdom are seriously needed in today's society.. even if you don't agree with them it gives us more knowledge...as well as knowing how heartbreaking it would be if something happened to my mom. Just something to think about. Most people assume the mask is for them but really it's for others.. ie an act of kindness and consideration. 
As for the car thing. I'm assuming youre a speedy driver or something. Lol. Me too. But I also don't like getting in accidents I've seen a few of those up close and personal and let me tell you ..eek .. you don't want to deal with that.. some sad and gory junk. 
It wouldn't go over so well if in surgery the medical staff was like oh the patient needs to protect himself from germs were not responsible for him getting our cooties. I know their job is not making people sick ..it's not your job... but most people don't want to willingly hurt  others. I mean are you cool with possibly doing it?  I'm not.
