To be honest, myself being a parent, don't be nervous, at all. You've made it clear how much they both love you. They're going to be so happy that you came to them about it and that you expressed how it makes you feel. I am 100% sure that one of the first things out of their mouth is going to be "honey why didn't you come to us sooner?!?!?"  
  
  
As far as trying to get them to sit down with you together without arguing, I would tell each of them separately something along the lines of "I need to tell you something extremely important that has been eating away at me mentally and emotionally for a very long time. I need (other parent) present when I do speak to you about this because I'd like to discuss it with both of you present. I love you both very very much and I just ask that we can all be calm and civil for my sake so I can discuss something extremely important and urgent with both of my parents there. You are the two most important people to me in this entire world and I hope you can understand that I am asking you to do this for me, not (other parent)".  
  
  
Any parent in their right mind is going to feel terrible. It broke my heart reading your story and it made me think of my two boys and if they were in your shoes. I am in the middle of a divorce and my husband is like your parents. Very conflict ridden and unaware of how his hostile behavior affects our children. When we both have to be around the kids at the same time for drop offs and school activities,  if he tries to argue I calmly respond that I will not argue in front of our kids. If he continues I ignore it instead of arguing back which would make it even more uncomfortable for our children. Even if one of your parents is unwilling (Doubtful), as long as one parent can have self control and remain calm without arguing back with the other parent then things will at least get a little better for you.  
  
  
I really hope this helps. I know how conflicting it is and how absolutely confusing it can be. I wish you the best of luck. Your parents both sound like they love you very very much. I think you're going to be shocked and relieved by how willing your parents may be to fix the problem you're having between them. I genuinely hope this works for you and I wish you the best! You did the right thing by asking for advice here!
