There was a noise, like the sound of hundreds of innocents screaming and wailing, and all of them being silenced one by one; only to resume the wailing and screaming as if they were a broken record.

"...You run, run and run. then you stop for a moment, think, and then run some more."

"Is that some sort of Courier's saying? never heard of it before sir."

I looked at him, the wrinkles on his face quite apparent now. I wasn't sure how old he was before due to the energy he showed when serving previous customers, but now...

...I could tell that this man had lived for a long time, probably seen more of the world than me despite being a Courier of the Advancing City. 

I brought the glass of vodka to my lips, it was cold yet it burned when it went down my throat. "it's not a sayin', it's just something I've been thinkin' about lately..."

"huh..." he said clearly unimpressed "I imagine spending most of your life running for packages and a penny gives you a lot of time to think."

Was he insulting me just now? a way to make the last customer of the bar leave for the night?

"It does, going from city to city in a world in ruins gives me a lot of time to think...think 'bout my packages, the people I've met and I'm 'bout to meet; and my future," I said not looking at him but the empty glass in my hand.

I take it I'm not going to get any refills am I? "how 'bout you man? someone as old as you -someone who survived this hellscape- must have lived quite the life, you too must have had a lot of time to think"

"Yes, I did" he sighed the answer most likely tired of my presence "but the only thing you need to know is that I worked hard to be where I am, be my own man, have my own business as you can clearly see and I'm more than satisfied with the results"

"So you don't have any regrets," I stated.

He looked at me, unblinking and unmoving. 

"None," he said.

"I see..." I said, "I see... that's how it is, huh?"

I was quite jealous of him, for a moment.

"Well I do have regrets, the main one is being a Courier for the Advancing city, thinkin' that I was going to be recognized as a hero or somethin' in the future delivering packages for the last cities of the world"

"..the drones"

"Aye," I said, "the Advancing city -stayin' true to its name - its slowly replacing all its human workers, Couriers included, only a matter of time 'till the place it's filled with nothin' but fat pigs enjoying their time in a nomad fortress completely safe and unaware of the dangers around it."

"But don't get the wrong idea, they're not the reason I'm regretting takin' on this job, quite the opposite really. The issue, Mister Bennet, lies in the people I've met and the packages the force on me."

I could see the surprise in his face, he was completely made of stone until a while ago, but I guess the mention of his name made that crumble for a few seconds 

"Impossible, I have no acquaintances in the Advancing City, nor any family left."

"Yeah, that's true, however- " I opened my backpack and pulled out a small metal box, it made noise when I shook it " -this, without a doubt was addressed to you Mister Bennet, a message from many, many people"

I could hear them more clearly now, the demonic noise taking an even more demonic shape, like a colossal shadow surrounding Bennet, multiple hands grabbing his clothes and pulling him towards it, multiple mouths with rotting teeth screaming at him, and a massive amount of eyes crying at him.

Bennet did not react to the monster that surrounded him.

I tried my best not to react to this monstrosity. It was no longer my problem, the package was already delivered.
