&gt;I've gone looking for their healthcare plan and I believe the last word on that issue was that we're gonna have a bigly good plan, the best plan, everybody's talking about the plan but of course you can't find anything written down.

Seriously? A video from the Washington Post? Lmao okay. Look, I'm not going to even argue about this because this has nothing to do with the original topic. If you're actually interested in hearing conservative stances on any issue you can literally go youtube and listen to them. I'm not talking about Ben Shapiro/Steven Crowder type reactionaries, I'm talking about actual intellectuals. Maybe then you'll get a better idea of what some of the positions are. That sure beats getting your information a highly biased outlets and reddit echo chambers. 

&gt;It's not a plan type plan that uses words and ideas. Cause the republicans are full of shit.

It's amazing how you managed to discredit the original commenters point and prove the guy you replied to in one go. You're so disingenuous and ignorant that you only care about "owning the r*publicans" by misrepresenting their positions. 

&gt;But you're right. I have some opinions. Why, here's some now. Vaccines are safe, climate change is real, and Joe Biden was elected president. Those are my opinions. Those are also facts. Facts the republican party is hurtling away from.

Looks like I was correct. You're so arrogant that you actually think that your opinions are worth more than others. Unfortunately for you, no matter how hard you convince yourself otherwise your opinion will always be of equal weight and validity to everyone else, including those dreaded Republicans. See, the issue here is how disingenuous you are. Let's take the vaccines are safe statement as an example. Statically speaking, the statement itself is true. The statement isn't the problem. It's the assumptions that come with that are. You're implying that you have superior opinion (seriously, go outside) than Republicans because you ASSUME that they hold the opposite belief, which they don't. I know it's hard to believe, but not everything is a partisan issue. There are a lot of things that transcend partisanship. You're also assuming that the Republican party is a monolith, which it's not. There are tens of millions of people within the party that have completely different views. You thinking that your opinions are factual, doesn't actually make them factual. Your opinions on republicans surely aren't. 

&gt;Good talk man, stay mad.

You're an idiot
