I'm not the person you were replying to, but as someone who is not very observant (I have ADHD) and who goes out of my way to ask how others feel because I worry I am missing subtle cues, I can offer a different perspective. I apologize in advance for this being pretty long oof, lol. 

0. Before I respond to specific stuff you said. I think it's central to mention that in relationships people have different preferences for how organic communication should be. What should people notice on their own; what do I need to say; how much do I want to explain; how hard is it for me to explain; etc.? Basically, every person has different expectations and preferences when it comes down to how much they want to spell things out or need to have things spelled out. \*And, of course, it is absolutely reasonable to expect your partner to be observant.\*

1. I agree with your take on friends. You have more than one friend--so it's alright if you're less close with some--though you can still have conflict when close friends you have higher expectations for stop matching your level of effort.

That said, the point of communication isn't to reduce your 50% to match their 10%, it's to nudge the other party--assuming they are truly ignorant and unaware of what you want--to accommodate your needs once they have greater certainty about what you want after communicating to them how you feel. If they really didn't know and genuinely care, they'll change their behavior, probably, pretty quickly. 

2. Yes, people lie to get what they want, but actions speak louder than words. When you are getting to know someone and don't know them or their personality yet, it can be hard to figure out how the other person feels and what they want regardless of putting in effort. \*People are really complex and can differ from each other in pretty much almost every way you can imagine -- and a lot of ways you can't imagine because you don't even realize that something you take for granted isn't the case for someone else.\* This is way I am usually direct and take the initiative to ask what people want. Sometimes people prefer if you ask way less and try to figure out purely from observing, and this tends to give me a headache, lol. But everyone has their own needs though it can be really difficult to guess what someone wants. I also take things like reaching out frequently whether by text or call unless I'm very busy for granted -- but not everyone does. So even if it looks like someone doesn't care, that may not be the case. If they roast you for trying to communicate your needs when you bring up wanting to talk more, then they're not for you. And if they lie, whether or not they are serious will be very apparent after some time passes. Like I said before, if people are genuine, they will change their behavior. They may slip up sometimes when particularly stressed or swamped, but the behavior should be fixed the rest of the time if they're genuine (and you were clear and direct about what you wanted). 

You said you were worried that bringing up your concerns would make the other person match you because you wanted it rather than they wanted it. While I understand that perspective, it's inaccurate. It's very easy to go: "oh she wants this; I want to make her happy, so let me do this thing she asked me to do, because it makes her happy and I like making her happy." People often start doing something out of a sense of obligation and find value in it afterwards. Relationships are about companionship, communication, compromise, and identity. When one person communicates what they want, the other party needs to strike a balance between compromising and sticking to what they value. People are so complicated that you will be compromising a lot. And you just need to do it in a way that strikes a balance between accommodation and self-identity. It's like with any friendship when you get particularly close--when you aren't close it's easy to just ignore aspects of the other party--but when your boundaries are small, you're going to have to compromise a lot more. It's a personal choice how much or how little you want to have to compromise, but most people are very different from each other and it becomes apparent over time--so looking for someone similar isn't always feasible. A different concern is that some people expect you to guess what they're thinking (for certain things) without having to spell it out. And you may worry that bringing something up will lead them to react negatively. This is when you need to rely on luck. If the other person is a good fit for you, they won't react poorly most of the time when you can't tell what they want or communicate what you need. 

3. When it comes down to effort, I'd say that it is best to want someone who wants to talk as much as you, who wants similar space or lack thereof, etc. If you're treating dating like companies speed-reading through resumes and tossing them aside as soon as they aren't sufficiently perfect on some basic level, then this makes sense. That said, how close people are changes over time--and effort changes too. It should never go down drastically unless the other party is in a crisis--otherwise they're just not interested. But it'll often start lower and increase over time as you become more attached. 

What I'm trying to say is that you're trying to solve the problem of having the other party suited to you by filtering out people who don't naturally put in the same effort from the start. I think it may be more helpful, to reframe this problem as something stemming from what you expect other people to be able to understand about you without saying anything and vice versa. If clear communication could have changed the other person's behavior once they knew you felt comfortable with (or wanted) more attention, then it makes sense to focus on that first, and then if that doesn't work move on. But since compromise is always necessary, why not start early to see how they handle it--if they handle it very well, that's worth more than initially looking compatible. 

TLDR: Communication is always worth a shot from the beginning because you can't be certain who will care or not until you say something. And if someone changes their behavior properly after you voice something, it means it'll be easier for them to compromise with you down the line when you have different values--and that is more valuable than similarity.
