You aren't understanding my posts.

Your response seems to be trying to defend your own personal emotional response to the game.

The game objectively didn't work for a lot of people, and engendered a negative reaction from many of them, and there are a bunch of reasons why that is the case.

Understanding why is key to understanding how ludonarrative dissonance (among other things) can negatively impact players' perception of a narrative-based game.

&gt; All games still limit the amount of the control and agency the players have in some way, be it game mechanics, story, technological limitations, etc. By this logic, any video game that has limitations on the player is doing a bad job. 

It isn't good vs bad. It's whether or not it weakens the impact of the work for a section of the audience - which it does.

It is this bimodal thinking that causes you to not understand.

You think you can disagree with their emotional response, but it doesn't work that way. They understood the work just fine. It didn't work for them for the reasons I pointed out.

You're looking for reasons why that emotional response is wrong. But that's not how it works.

&gt; I didn’t get a choice to not kill civilians in Spec Ops.

And this is, in fact, something that weakens Spec Ops. Indeed, one of the more common complaints about that game is that because of the way that the game railroads you into some choices, players who tried to do other things to avoid making those choices ended up undermining the experience significantly for themselves, because forcing the player to do something then condemning them for doing it *is* less effective.

It's one of the more common complaints about the game.

Railroading can and does weaken the emotional impact of a lot of things like this in games. If the player tries to avoid doing something, but is railroaded into it by the game, it *does* weaken the emotional impact of that bit.

One of the great tricks that Bioshock pulled on players - and the reason why it worked so well - is precisely because it tricked the player. It wasn't until the game *actually* took away control from the player that the player would WANT to disobey Atlas. They just don't think of it.

This made the twist much more impactful, because the player had voluntarily gone along with it, rather than having to be drug in kicking and screaming as they tried to avoid it but were forced to do something anyway.

&gt; You’re going to have to explain this sentence, particularly what you mean by “requirement.” 

Upsetting the audience is going to sour some subfraction of the audience to your work no matter what. Thus, you don't want to do it unless whatever you are doing requires you to upset the audience to make it work. If you can get the same point across without upsetting the audience, it's generally preferable not to do so, because it has a tendency to alienate some portion of the consumers of your work.

Shocking the audience is easy. Doing so in a meaningful fashion is something else.

Indeed, this was a major reason why The Last of Us 2 ended up coming off as very clumsy to a lot of people - the message of the work was very simplistic, even facile, but the game wanted it to be a deep and meaningful point. This disconnect resulted in the game feeling like it was trying way too hard, which undermined its emotional impact for a chunk of the audience, as it was trying to be shocking but the message it was going for was not only glaringly obvious but not very deep.

As such, it came off as pretentious and desperate to many players - it repeatedly tried to shock the audience, but the message it was trying to shock the audience with wasn't very deep, rendering the "shocks" not very meaningful or worthwhile, just a slog.

There's a reason why angsty teenagers are looked down on by adults - because they want to be all deep and mature, but they're not. They try to go for what they percieve as the trappings of maturity, but because they don't actually understand what maturity means, they end up coming off as shallow psuedointellectuals (which they kind of are). And they resent the adults for looking down on them like that, and percieving their immaturity, as they think they're mature - far more so than they actually are.

&gt; Wow, so we’re just letting money be the ultimate arbiter of what constitutes good art?

Art has the primary purpose of communication.

If no one consumes your art, or tries to and rejects it, then you aren't really achieving your goal.

&gt; Responding to this could be a novel in its own right, but I’ll keep it short. If you want a more in-depth refutation, I recommend this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jCuxCv22iI

Those who are unskilled and unaware of it believe that art is mostly subjective.

People who are actually skilled at art are aware that it is mostly objective, which is why they were able to improve at it.

This upsets people who are unskilled, as it undermines their pseudointellectual sophistry, as well as their feelings of self-worth.

That's not to say that you can simply stick a quality-mometer into a work and determine how good it is. Evaluating art is a value judgement, which requires talent in the skill ([which is true of evaluating skill in general](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect#:~:text=The%20Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger%20effect%20is,recognize%20their%20lack%20of%20ability.)).

If you take a collection of works, and have a group of artists who are talented in that discipline evaluate those works, you'll find that there is very clear differentiation, and that skilled artists will consistently end up coming out in the top ranks, while unskilled ones will consistently end up coming out in the bottom ranks, across many trials. This is true even if the entries are anonymized.

I know this because I've engaged in and judged dozens of such competitions - anonymous fiction writing, and people judging the anonymously authored works, with the actual writers being revealed at the end. Across many rounds, the same people ended up on the top and the bottom. That would be impossible if art was mostly subjective.

Some people are simply much better artists than others are. That would be impossible if art was mostly subjective.
