&gt; Your response seems to be trying to defend your own personal emotional response to the game.

As is yours. That's how discussion works. People have different emotional responses to a media, they discuss why they feel a certain way and why they disagree with how others felt.

&gt;The game objectively didn't work for a lot of people, and engendered a negative reaction from many of them, and there are a bunch of reasons why that is the case.

And it also worked for a lot of people, and engendered a positive reaction from many of them, and there are a bunch or reasons why that is the case. Yet you only focus on the negative reactions and pretend that it's the majority consensus when that's factually incorrect. It's mixed at worst, positive at best, based on sales and completion rates.

You continuously asserting that most people hated it based on anecdotes and against the actual numbers is an attempt to justify your own dislike of the game. You seem to have hard time comprehending the idea that a lot of people actually liked this game so you pretend they don't exist or are in the minority despite no evidence. Mainly because you seem to rely on the argumentum ad populum defense frequently, and thus acknowledging the large fanbase would contradict your idea that the game was bad.

&gt;It isn't good vs bad. It's whether or not it weakens the impact of the work for a section of the audience - which it does.

And my argument has been that it doesn't. The restriction of agency is necessary for telling the story, as is with a lot of stories (including most video games). 

&gt;You think you can disagree with their emotional response, but it doesn't work that way. They understood the work just fine. It didn't work for them for the reasons I pointed out.

I never said they were wrong for having their opinions, I said the opposite in fact. I said it was fine for them to dislike the game and that people have different tastes. Art is subjective, people will have varying reactions to different works of art and have different levels of tolerance for what they find or don't find acceptable. This discussion has been about *why* and how the arguments presented by people who didn't like the game are unconvincing don't hold up to scrutiny from my perspective, and you have been asserting that they do according to your perspective.

&gt;Railroading can and does weaken the emotional impact of a lot of things like this in games. If the player tries to avoid doing something, but is railroaded into it by the game, it does weaken the emotional impact of that bit.

Of course it *can*, that doesn't mean it *always* does. In fact, railroading can often enhance the emotional impact of a story. I could go through a bunch of different games, but let's use one as an example. FF7 where Aerith gets killed. Completed scripted, unavoidable, and considered by many to be one of the most emotionally impactful moments in gaming. 

Part of what made it so impactful was because of the lack of player agency. If the player had the option to drop-kick Sephiroth and teabag him, would that have made the scene more emotionally powerful? Would the story have been made better by that addition? Or if the player could just walk around in the background and do silly dances while Aerith was dying, would that have made it better? It would have added player agency.

Or let's go back to Spec Ops. You say that the lack of choice weakens the story, when it actually enhances it. The core of the story is about how broken the "war hero" style of video game narrative is. The main character thinks he's a great hero, repeatedly does terrible things, then justifies the terrible things by saying it's for some nebulous greater good or ignoring it because "there's no way I could be the bad guy." He's a hypocrite, and the player experiences this as the character does, the difference being that the player eventually starts realizing it. This story, its message, and its emotional impact would be weakened or outright destroyed if you could just circumvent all of that.

And I know what you're going to say. "It's about how you do it." But my entire point for TLOU2 is that it does it right. The story and its emotional beats wouldn't work if the player could just do whatever they wanted. 

On top of that, increasing the agency of the player controlling the main character weakens the main character. It's a trade-off. The main character has to become more of a blank slate the more agency you give the player in order to justify the differences in actions the character could take. This works if you're dealing with something like an open world RPG, but if you're interested in tight storytelling with a consistent tone, theme, direction characterization, etc., you need to limit player agency. Characters like Joel or Ellie would be significantly less interesting and memorable if they were just blank slates with no definitive personalities.

&gt;Upsetting the audience is going to sour some subfraction of the audience to your work no matter what.

Any story decision is going to sour some subfraction of the audience no matter what because audiences aren't a monolith and you can't please everyone. Sometimes, upsetting the audience will actually enhance their enjoyment, because upsetting things are interesting, create conflict, develop intrigue, increase emotional engagement, etc.

&gt;it came off as pretentious and desperate to many players - it repeatedly tried to shock the audience, but the message it was trying to shock the audience with wasn't very deep

Once again, you keep talking in platitudes. You simply assert that other people didn't like it for X reasons, but haven't justified why those reasons are valid. I could do the same and just assert that:

"It came off as brilliant and engaging for many players. The message it gave was profound and thought-provoking, providing them with a unique emotional experience unseen of in many games."

And now we're at an impasse now because no actual arguments have been made, just statements about what other people thought without backing them up.

The only argument that's actually been made so far is about player agency and how that affects the narrative, which we still haven't managed to actually resolve.

You say "Shocking the audience is easy. Doing so in a meaningful fashion is something else." But you never defined what counts as meaningful and how it applies TLOU2, you just assert that it doesn't work and then move on.

I said in an earlier comment:

"Ellie’s hatred consumed her, she went on a murder spree in the hopes that it would resolve her feelings of hatred and loss, and it didn’t. All the killings, throwing her friends and loved ones under the bus in pursuit of revenge, severing all her relationships to achieve it, all of it did nothing. It just left her alone and empty inside. That’s one of the major themes. Holding onto hatred does nothing good for you, and will only make you suffer more in the long term if you don’t let it go."

I never got a response to this, so I'm not sure how you feel about it, but this is an actual argument. I'm not speaking vaguely, I point out how the ending of the game reinforces the message and how the bleak tone is necessary for this to drive the point home. You may agree or disagree, but I didn't just say "game smart and good, most people think so" and then not explain anything further.

&gt;If no one consumes your art, or tries to and rejects it, then you aren't really achieving your goal.

So then TLOU2 must be a fantastic work of art, given how many copies have been consumed and how many people played through the story. By your own standard, at least.

&gt;Those who are unskilled and unaware of it believe that art is mostly subjective.

Once again, you speak in vague platitudes. I want arguments. I asked you specifically how you determine something is good or bad without bias and you completely dodged the question. I want an answer.

&gt; Evaluating art is a value judgement

Value judgments are inherently subjective. Whenever you use terms like good, bad, better, worse, etc. is a statement of opinion and not factual. "Improvement" is subjective, because it relies on a form of axiomatic bias. Unless you can prove that goodness/badness is some kind of inherent natural law like gravity, any value judgment cannot be objective.

Your defense against this has been that consensus determines objectivity, which is flawed for a number of reasons. One, that isn't what objectivity means. Two, it's an argumentum ad populum fallacy. Three, what if there is no consensus, or the consensus changes over time, or the consensus changes depending on which expert you ask? Your argument only works under the assumption that consensus is uniform and unchanging.

&gt;Across many rounds, the same people ended up on the top and the bottom. That would be impossible if art was mostly subjective.

That anecdote doesn't prove the objectivity of art, it proves that people liked the artwork. This anecdote is poor even if I believed the consensus argument. Because it's a sample size of one competition with one set of judges. If the same artworks had been examined by a completely different set of judges and yielded opposite results, what then? Which judges were correct?

Also, what happens if the audience likes something that the experts didn't or vice-versa? Is the audience objectively wrong for not agreeing with the experts? If so, then your previous arguments about large amounts of people not liking something as justification for it being bad is unusable. Are the experts wrong for not following the consensus of the audience? If so, then using experts as a measurement of objective quality falls apart.

&gt;Some people are simply much better artists than others are. That would be impossible if art was mostly subjective.

But you still haven't explained how you determine what "better" is without involving bias and what measurement you're using. All you've given are anecdotes.
