1) Any sources regarding the insufficient conversion rates of K1 into K2?

2) The Inuit have livespans of 45-50 years. It's quite counterproductive to use their diets as an example for healthy diets. Yes, consuming a high amount of meat can make sure that enough D3 is available even in countries in the north. However, inuit also consume meats that people don't generally consume such as seal, walrus and whale, all of them high in vitamin D.

Germans already consume WAY too much meat  already even according to omnivorous dietitians. The average German, vegetarians and vegans excluded, consumes 1.2kg meat per week. The DGE, which is the largest German association for nutrition and quite conservative i.e. rather sceptical towards vegan diets, recommends a maximum of 300-600g per week. With a consumption of 1.2kg per week, the majority of Germans still are vitamin D3 deficient after winter. Reducing that amount according to the recommendations would further increase the number of deficient Germans.

Your suggestion of consuming even more meat doesn' have any scientific foundation.

Vegan diets are indeed cholesterol-free. All cholesterol that our body needs it makes on its own.

3) B12 is produced by bacteria in our soil. It is not naturally part of any animal. More than 95% of farm animals nowadays will never eat grass outside, which is why they also won't graze and therefore eat traces of soil with their feed. Pigs and chickens have to be fed B12, as they cannot produce B12 on their own.

Ruminants can produce B12 if they have enough cobalt. Therefore, ruminants are fed cobalt, but B12 as well to ensure that there is no deficiency.  

When it comes to wild game and fish, you're right. They can naturally obtain B12 from their food.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;This is a vegan myth which they spread to justify their lack of B12.  

I'm not lacking B12, as I supplement it. Therefore I also don't have to justify my lack of B12. Therefore I also don't spread myths.

4)

&gt; Then you must know that ALA conversion rates are so poor that you can't meet your needs from ALA 

ALA conversion rates are indeed quite bad. However, consuming a variety of ALA sources every day can make sure that enough DHA and EPA is produced. Some vegan dietitians indeed recommend supplementing DHA and EPA. This can be done with algae oil.

&gt; There is no DHA or EPA in plant foods. 

It is in certain algae.

5) 

&gt; Many people (about 45% of the population) cannot convert beta carotene  to vitamin A because of the BCMO1 gene. For those who can, it only does  so at rates of around 3%. 

This is indeed a very bold claim. Any sources?

6) 

&gt; They why do vegans have the highest rates of anemia? All iron is not the  same. Heme iron is vastly more bioavailable. Ignoring bioavailability  seems to be a hallmark of veganism. 

Many people are un- or misinformed and unaware that they have to make sure to include good iron sources into their diet. Anemia can have different causes, either iron deficiency or B12 deficiency. Also, anemia takes some time to develop. Having some bloodwork done every year is important particularly for people who are unsure about whether their diet is adequate. 

Iron deficiency isn't a vegan problem. It is prevalent particularly in women, no matter the diet, between 10 and 50 years due to their menstruation.

7) 

&gt;Carnitine is not essential.   
&gt;  
&gt;Yes it is.  
&gt;  
&gt;"Carnitine  performs a critically important role in energy metabolism and is  synthesized in the healthy adult predominantly in the liver and kidney."

You don't seem to know what the word "essential" means. Essential doesn't mean that it's important in this context. Essential nutrients are nutrients that we have to provide to our body through food, because our body cannot make them on their own. 

Carnitine is *NOT* essential. Our body makes it on its own, which your very own source states: "Carnitine \[...\] is synthesized in the healthy adult \[...\]".

8) 

&gt;Taurine is not essential.  
&gt;  
&gt;Yes it is.

Your very own source states the following:

"Taurine is often referred to as a non-essential amino acid (technically  an amino sulfonic acid: 2-aminoethane sulphonic acid). It can be  synthesized in humans from the amino acids, cysteine and methionine."

It's non-essential. It can be synthesized in our body. We don't have to consume taurine in our diet.

9) 

&gt; Good luck with that. Again vegans are deficient and it is only found in animal products. 

It's not essential. We don't have to include it into our diet, just like we don't have to include taurine or carnitine. Our body makes all of these on its own.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;If you want to be a vegan, go nuts.  But requiring some obscure foods and relying on inefficient body  conversions is why so many vegans get sick and why it is a nutritionally  poor diet.

We're not requiring any obscure foods. Body conversions are efficient enough. The reason so many vegans get sick is because they're not adequately informed or unable to include safe sources for particular important nutrients into their diet. Veganism is not a nutritionally poor diet, which the largest organizations for nutrition and dietetics in the world have shown.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Humans have eaten meat  for 2,000,000 years. We evolved to eat meat. There were no vegans prior  to the development of artificial supplements because the diet was  impossible.

So what? Also, the fact that there were no vegans in earlier times isn't due to there not being artificial supplements. It's due to the small number of different foods that were available. B12 wasn't a problem a hundred years or more ago, as B12 is made by bacteria. Different crops and plants weren't processed industrially and there were no fertilizers used back then that destroyed the microorganisms producing B12 in the soil. Therefore, people back then ate B12 that was stuck to plants they ate in traces. 

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;There have been no vegan cultures, tribes, or civilizations in human history. It is made up, a modern fad diet.

So what? Why would we care?
