Imagine two layers of thought with a line between them.

* The underlying uncontrolled acting processes.
* The understanding one has of the way they behave and who they are.

The fact a person is trans, assuming that the source for this lies in the first layer, would be that there is something hard-wired into your mind that says "I should expect to have the body of X" but in reality you have the body of Y and the mismatch causes distress.

You observe this mismatch and it leads you to conclude that you are trans or perhaps more specifically that you are a person who desires to have the body of X.

The self-modeling only kicks in as a concept when the parts of your uncontrolled-acting-process layer adjust, or when something about your physical or mental features, that you understand to be "you" change.

During a physical change one of a number of things can happen.

* In the case that your understanding of this feature being yourself was learned, grief then resolution, as your sense of self adjusts to match your new physical appearance.
* In the case that the feeling of "x should be y" is innate, grief and no resolution.  After some time, you are forced to eventually conclude that this aspect of desire is "part of you" and you try to adjust your physical body to cope.
* There's also some room for it to to be learned, but also baked in hard enough it can't change, which is akin to the second situation but gives some future wiggle room for resolution as our understanding of the mind/therapy/etc evolves and advances.  Imagine someone at the age of 60 gets their legs chopped off and never stops trying to stand up out of bed, but someone at the age of 15 sees that expectation fade.

Your sense of self is almost certain to be learned and discovered, and flexible as a result.  There was almost certainly a time, for example, before you were trans that you still had all the feelings you have now, but were confused and unaware of what to do with them.

This is less a question of if being trans indicates your sense of self should determine who you are, and more a question of what does or does not lie above/below that line of learned/flexible self-traits and innate/understood traits.

&gt;the sense of self directs the other compartments of the brain to achieve its goals

I think this is going to be something that turns out to be a huge oversimplification.  I already know, off the top of my head, that there's strong evidence that your "self" does spend a decent chunk of time repressing action rather than creating or directing.  The parts of your mind are always deciding to act, and your decision to act is often the process of allowing those actions to occur.

Say you come up with a new idea.  Do you come up with the new idea?  If you aren't your mind, no, your brain comes up with an idea and you're made aware of it.  That doesn't seem right to me.

I think this idea of self, to look at awareness rather than the actual production of thought (or a mix of the two) reduces what the "you" is and is not going to hold up with time.

The idea there is a thinking and experiencing part of your mind controlling all the other parts is convenient for tulpamancy, but that it is so should lead to question why you choose to believe it.  How much of your belief there is driven by your desire to see tulpamancy backed up, over an honest evaluation of what you think is likely to be true?
