I have a friend who sounds like your boyfriend and honestly, I can understand why he'd feel tired but I feel like it's coming from an ableist perspective.

He's used to being able to resolve issues and then it's done. But since you're still upset even after you guys making up last night, he's frustrated that it's not as easy with you. That's why he made the comment of "none of my exes did this". He doesn't realize that some people take a little more time and need more reassurance and he seems like he doesn't want to have to put in that much effort. Especially since you have BPD, it sounds like he's usually never really that accommodating to your needs even then.

&gt;He sent me a long message about how he felt unappreciated since I didn't ask about his day and its hard to deal with our arguments

It also sounds like since you were so upset, you still felt like you needed more reassurance but he thought you guys were done with you being upset and felt like you weren't giving him attention that he felt he needed. It just seems imbalanced on what your expectations are of each other.

&gt;He said he feels like I don't care about him and that we shouldn't have argued for an hour. 

This comment makes him seem selfish and unaware of the emotional balance. Even if you were arguing, he was trying to reassure it didn't mean much. Your comfort was the priority in tht discussion but for him to say that "you don't care about him"? That's definitely gaslighting, he's trying to take the attention on your hurt feelings and make him the center of the attention of "being hurt".

&gt;My mom says I should rethink my relationship if he makes me feel like this

She's right. If he actually cared about your well being, he should be concerned about you. Even if he feels hurt, he shouldn't be making it a "you're hurt? I'm hurt too" sort of argument and being mad at you. His display of lack of compassion is so shitty.

Maybe send him this post and show him what people are saying about this situation.
