Hanekawa is a person who repress her negative emotions deep within her, not even acknowledging they exist, and only showing her "purest/whitest" side to others.

The sawari neko is an aberration that feeds on positive emotions, most specifically compassion. When people encounter a dead cat on the road, they either ignore it or bury it out of compassion. However Hanekawa did it, not out of compassion, but as an automatic mechanism as if it was something normal.

Usually the Sawari neko takes control of their host who showed compassion when burying him, however in this case it couldn't take control of Hanekawa since she didn't show compassion in the first place. So it was stuck within her, forced to feed on the negative emotions she's bottled up. 

At this point in time, Hanekawa ends up being split in 2. The Hanekawa that Araragi knows/sees : the perfect class president, who he heavily sexualizes in Kizu. And Black Hanekawa, the oddity that feeds on Hanekawa's negative emotions she hides from everybody and even herself.

However people aren't just black and white, they're shades of grey. One side cannot live without the others. So for your questions :

1. The oddity instead of controlling Hanekawa completely, because of her lack of compassion, ends up being part of the split personality of Hanekawa. So it's not a traditionnal sawari neko but a new kind because it made the mistake of choosing Hanekawa as a host. And when this side of Hanekawa was awaken, the "white" side of Hanekawa was sleeping so technically unconcsious and unaware of the situation.
2. When Araragi tells Hanekawa that he hates her, he's talking about Black Hanekawa, because he believes that the oddity is taking over Hanekawa and therefore causing her trouble, and he hates that it makes Hanekawa, who's perfect in his head, look bad. He hates her "dark/black" side, thinking that it's only due to the oddity and if it never appeared, none of this would have happened. However these emotions were only bottled up for so long and only exploded once the cat fed on them. But Araragi doesn't see it that way.
3. And for the sword, it's been a while I don't really remember much about it sorry.
