Uh no, because in large parts of Ireland (particularly the six Northern counties) the teaching of the Irish language was prohibited in certain communities, repressed in others and subject to centuries of socio-political turmoil including recently bringing the govt of Northern Ireland down over the Irish Language Act.

In fact it was such a big fucking deal that Republic of Ireland declared independence from 800 years of British colonialisation, the island was split, several wars were fought and you have heard of The Troubles which was one of the longest running civil wars worldwide. The Irish language was highly weaponised there.

As a Protestant kid in Northern Ireland during the conflict I was banned from bringing any Irish language book into school. Something as basic as a book of folk tales or the Children of Lir was forbidden. We were prohibited from learning Irish at school and the division between communities was so strong that I could not have gone to a predominantly Catholic Irish class without breaking the fucking time space continuum and having to cross the peace wall multiple times on a bus, run the gauntlet of explaining to the boyos in that area why the hoods in my area had let me out unattended and then get screamed at back home for talking to Catholics or the soldiers who would have invariably stopped me as I skipped across Belfast wondering why our buses didn’t say an lar and why City Hall took six years of wrangling to write buscar or bin in Irish on our city centre bins. Turns out it was shade by anti Irish language Unionists that the only bilingual thing in the city official was where you put rubbish...

I then moved to England where everyone thought I was a terrorist, was unaware the Brits were the colonial force that kicked it all off, had no idea not all Irish people are Catholic and wanted me to pronounce all the Irish names.

Well funnily enough I don’t know how to pronounce them after decades of being kept away from any Irish language, sport or culture to prove we were more British than the British. It is a really fucking sore spot for me to have been denied that connection as a child and then mocked by English people for not speaking Irish which they continually slag off as such a weird impossible to pronounce language and continue to perpetuate a lot of unpleasant anti Irish sentiment about.

20 years in England and I’m seen as Irish but back home I’m not Irish enough. It’s shit and stressful and honestly I hate the subject of Irish names here for this reason. Someone’s always getting on my back for not being good enough and forgetting the context.

My parents picked an Irish name for me and were told in 1978 that none of the Protestant schools would allow me to be registered with it because segregated schooling is such an issue there along religious lines. So instead of a beautiful centuries old name unique to Ireland, they called me the most boring girls name of the year and still got shit for even considering a ‘Celtic’ name. My parents are Scottish and Northern Irish FYI.

Names are a huge cultural sore spot for the Irish diaspora especially and I think OP was correct on first go but started to go very wrong when she dug in without a wider awareness of what Irish language discourse was 40 years ago.

That’s around the time Margaret Thatcher was taking NI to the brink over the hunger strikes, to have an Irish name in England was enough to get you barred from opening a bank account or taking a tenancy and still a perfectly justifiable reason to fit you up for a miscarriage of justice a la Birmingham Six or Guildford Four or Maguire Seven. They used to say Irish names were like football scores back in those days they were so likely to lead to false convictions.

A lot of people Anglicised just to get by because emigration was also the only viable option while NI burned and Ireland was so socially conservative. OP sounds young and unaware of the hornets nest this kicked over...
