I kind of agree. Everyone sucked and was annoying in this argument. I can't even remember what Marjorie and Elina were using being European as an explanation for. I seem to recall them doing it when they did poorly or had negative feedback from the judges - i havent seen C11 in awhile, so if this is wrong please let me know. I still have no idea what Paulina was referring to as "a socially acceptable way to be in Europe."  Not showing emotions? Being a jittery ball of nerves like Marjorie lol? I do remember Marjorie remarking that if "[she] cried, she got told to shut up" and I was thinking that is really not an exclusively European thing, lol.

I like Marjorie, but Elina I found grating. She had a *very* self-righteous air about her with her opinions, such as the argument about eating meat. Typical 18 year old that thinks they know it all. As for the mom thing, I don't think it's really anyone's business but Elina and her mom. I felt bad that she was ganged up on about it. Brittany saying "your mom takes care of you and put a roof over your head, you should love your mom" and calling Elina "a hateful bitch" is disgustingly narrow minded and ignorant. That is the *bare minimum* a parent needs to do...you don't get praised for doing shit youre supposed to. Brittany seems to have a good mom, but by her age (wasn't she like 23?) she should know not every parent is a good one.

I have always found Sam intensely annoying and immature, even when I was 11/12 watching the cycle live lol her role in this argument was just typical American "the world does not exist outside of the USA" ignorance. You don't just lose your culture and replace it with American culture the minute you move to America 🙄 I also could not believe her whining over Elina getting the holiday spread. Most of our holidays are cultural now more than religious, sooo you can be an atheist and celebrate Christmas. I do it every year 🤷‍♀️ would she have said the same thing if a Muslim or Hindu had won the spread? 

I am legitimately blanking on what all was said between Sheena and Elina/Marjorie, so can't comment lol I did find it very cringy when someone called out Sam for mocking a Chinese accent and Sheena said it was fine/she wasn't offended. It's really not, and minorities accepting shit like that/acting like an authority on what's offensive to their ethnicity is why ignorant people think it's ok to do.

Edit: wow I keep writing essays about shit on this sub. Where was this energy for my personal statements for my grad school apps lmao
