You're suffering from a systematic failure of your thought processes, I'm afraid.

1) You don't even know the most basic principles of linguistics - like that transmission speed is non-arbitrary, but rather regulated by human biology - and yet you think you can improve on it. This means you are suffering very badly from the Dunning-Kruger Effect - that is to say, you are incompetent and unaware of it. You lack even the most basic knowledge about language, and yet you are proposing sweeping changes to it.

2) You claim that it is wrong to advantage one thing over another, and yet you want to change language in order to suit yourself, not other people. This is a sign of narcissism - you don't even recognize how selfish and self-centered you're being, while crying about other people suggesting that it would be less bother to simply adopt the language of the dominant culture as a universal secondary language.

3) Language changes organically over time in order to better suit people's needs. You complained about prescriptionists, and yet you are a prescriptionist yourself - you simply complain about other people defending things *you* personally want changed. This means you have no actual stance but "I want to get what I want," which, again, points towards narcissism.

4) Likewise, the reason why lingua francas change is precisely because of changing real world circumstances - Latin was very important when Rome was the center of the world, but today it is a dead language, and new languages have arisen and evolved. English is constantly adopting new words and creating new words in order to suit changing needs, which is precisely why many languages are being influenced by English - because English creates a bunch of new words, other languages must either create their own or adopt the English one. Many adopt the existing one because it already exists, for much the same reason why we call tacos and enchiladas those names, rather than make up new "English" names for them - they are things that exist, why not keep their name consistent, if there's no need to invent a new one? Indeed, this is one of the reasons why English is so successful at spreading - because it is useful not just for communicating with English speakers, but communicating complex technical ideas.

&gt; If sexual promiscuity is so bad then it's strange that monogamous relationships keep getting broken apart by it and also that when divorce was legalized for the first it resulted in an incredible number of shattered homes.

Rape is bad. That doesn't mean that people don't commit rape, it means that people do bad things.

Maybe try actually thinking next time.

The reason why we look down on the sexually promiscuous is to discourage sexual promiscuity, because stable two-person households have much better outcomes.

Fun fact: almost every bullshit statistic you hear about how OMG MILLENIALS HAVE IT TOUGH is a lie based on this.

For instance, Millennials have "lower" home ownership rates. However, this is actually false in a very significant way; millennials who are married are *more* likely to own homes than previous generations were. In fact, this is true of unmarried millennials as well.

However, because fewer millennials have married, this results in lower homeownership amongst millennials, because unmarried people are less likely to own their own homes.

Permanent pair bonded couples provide greater financial stability and more resources, as you can pool resources between two people and share housework, lowering overall upkeep costs. Living in a stable two-income household results in more investment in capital goods, goods that keep on giving, like home ownership.

Moreover, children raised in stable two-parent households have significantly better outcomes than those raised in single parent homes or those where the parental situation is unstable.

Creating a societal expectation for this sort of behavior results in better societal outcomes.

One of the major reasons why black youth are disadvantaged is because 70% of them are raised by single parents.

If you want to have kids, you need to create a stable home situation, preferably with two incomes.

And if you don't, well, what are you doing to contribute to the future of society instead?

&gt; You think this is clever &amp; valid because you don't imagine that you'll ever be on the wrong side of it, but let's imagine that you're a straight white man (not hard to imagine in this case) and a bunch of other straight white men start calling you "gay" or a slur based on your perceived homosexuality.

I've been mistaken for gay, for female, and numerous other things over my lifetime. Why would I even care? It's not like it's an insult, it's just people being wrong.

If you're so insecure you fly off the handle when people make mistakes like that, there's something wrong with you.

Someone who is calling me a "faggot" is obviously just trying to rile me up, and in a very pathetic, juvenile sort of way. I don't really see why I'd be that worried about some troglodyte doing so. I've been called worse.

It's not hard to deal with that sort of thing.

&gt; little conservative rant about how it's mean to expect you to respect other people.

Yeah, you don't respect other people, and are fundamentally incapable of empathy.

I'm a liberal, and I've known trans people for decades at this point.

The fact that you made me into a "conservative" in your mind is, again, pretty telling.

&gt; This is like the only part of your post that is actually about language BTW, you're obviously not that interested in talking about the subject of the thread and just want a place to complain about how no one respects you enough to date you or whatever. 

Man, that is some serious psychological projection there.

You clearly have some issues you need to work out with a psychiatrist.
