Thank you for sharing what you think!

I'll explain why I said they want to be ignorant. Like you said, people are choosing to lie and cover for their idols over the truth just to prevent fanwars. That's already alarming in itself for the whole kpop community. Why did I say fans want to be ignorant? Well, they do know what's going on like you said, but they either pretend to not know or they wish they really didn't know what bad things their fave has done (I was like this too), so the closest thing to actually being unaware is to cover the evidence, make up excuses/lies to cover for your idol so that others catch on to that, and if you lie enough, it'll eventually feel like it's true. 

I don't know how to describe it, but it's like tricking yourself and those around you to justify what your idol did was ok, since they \*insert excuse\*, and then that leads to you excusing and forgetting about what other idols have done. 

I can understand why they do it. They want to see the good in their idol, and you'll feel guilty if you still like and support them, even if they did something bad, so they're trying to comfort themselves in a way. So, that is why I believe so many want to be completely ignorant and unaware of what's going on, but sometimes they will be forced to understand the truth, so they try their best to make up for it by lying, excuses, and justifying to make themselves feel better, and in turn their idol's image stays in-tact for the most part. That's why I mentioned the "see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil". 

I stay away from Twitter (that place is just.....no lol) so I am not completely aware of what happens there anymore, but I am not surprised there are still fights happening..

It's sad that people get shut down for calling out their idols. I feel like this happens because of what I previously said in this reply and kpop fans are so used to playing a game of war where you either have to be offensive or defensive, and you get caught up in that energy. So many kpop fans are young, so it's hard getting to them. 

I am not sure how many people actually do care out there, but it's kind of hard to show when the fandom is like this. I am just going to see what happens in the future when Black kpop fans have enough of being offended and disrespect, so they leave, and non-Black kpop fans are tired of the scandals and seeing their idols do this, so they also leave. I doubt it'll happen any time soon, but who knows. 

Thank you a lot (again lol) for sharing what you think. It's nice to try to see what others think, and I enjoyed reading your take on it. I hope we can understand what we were saying to each other.
