No downvotes, but I do think you may be quite new to the game and unaware of some things, so let me address them.

&gt;you constantly have to go back to heal every 2 or so trainer fights is problematic

People who say this are generally doing one of the following things:

* Catching too many temtem too early, and spreading around the xp gains over too many temtem, keeping them all at low levels instead of focusing on a good core team

* New and unaware of synergy, weaknesses, and stats. For example, did you know that whenever you catch a temtem, from then on, when battling against it, you will get a red/white/green circle that tells you if you'll do half/1x/2x damage? Do you know how to use synergy to hit harder with attacks? Did you find the coward's cloak (xp share) on the first island? Did you explore all the areas to find the extra hidden battles to get xp? I don't know how you play, but this game isn' t rushable, and I generally hear your types of posts from rushers.

&gt;kinu, I pretty much have no good grass special attacks and it's a special attacker

Kinu is primarily played as a healer, special attack is just a nice bonus. Kinu is also already ridiculously OP in PvP, virtually an insta ban.

&gt;Your starter shouldn't need to go to 55 in order to reach its max form for no payoff compared to other temtem that evolve quicker.

Again, this reads like someone who hasn't played to endgame or PvP, because the starter finals are amazing and worth the effort. The mental starter's final is meta-defining. I like the way they do it- it makes more sense that they'd evolve based on time spent with you, not a fixed level.

&gt;Lastly, I think the biggest issue is a lack of a clear goal with the end game.

They released a roadmap so I don't think it could be much clearer. To be fair, the map has changed due to covid, but you can see what they intend to add.

&gt;There is no point to the sv system right now if they scale in competitive

Dojo rebattles, in game PvE, and the future feature of dojo/clan wars will all used non-scaled SVs. They scale in competitive to give you greater freedom to try out new teams, which is awesome and makes it way more accessible.
