You might not like the Emperor's reasoning or the timeline but that does not render them moot. 

Why didn't he leave for Molech earlier? Perhaps because he didn't know about it. We have no clue when or how he came into the knowledge that what he wanted was there. 

Why didn't he take a fleet? Because he knew he wouldn't be returning by ship. He used the ship he arrived in as the foundation for a city on the planet. 

Why didn't he get back sooner? Because he was on Molech. 

Why did he sit about for 1000 years? He didn't - he was recruiting his allies and building his armies. 

Why didn't he simply curbstomp the technobarbarians and their DAoT armies? Because he was not an all powerful God. He was a man. A unique one, sure, but still a man. 

You also seem to be labouring under the misconception that tech levels in 40k are the same as they were in 30k. The Imperium has gone backwards in many areas over the last 10'000 years. Even the Astartes have inferior vehicles and armour, hence the reverence for relics and the culture shock of Cawl's new equipment.

The Rangdan were finally defeated by the First Legion using - you guessed it - DAoT weapons the Emperor held in reserve for a threat which required them. The Dark Angels to this day have their own weaponsmiths independent of the Mechanicus because they predate the Treaty of Olympus Mons. The Custodes have never needed the Martians and have always produced their own weapons, armour and vehicles, many of which are superior to most others around. The Emperor did keep some old tech, such as the Gloriana Battleships and Bolters, which he invented/produced for the nascent Imperium. 

The Martians accepted him as the Omnissiah because he did bring them new knowledge and understanding. The Imperial Palace was and is full of DAoT tech. The Legions were the most advanced human weapons in the galaxy at the time of their creation. The Emperor didn't sit about waiting for the collapse of human civilisation. He only intervened directly once the Fall ofthe Eldar had shown him the peril mankind faced. 

The entire point of the Sigillites was to preserve knowledge of human history. The Imperium was intended to be much more advanced, both technologically and socially than it is now. The species was intended to grow and learn. That's kind of the entire point of the Heresy - the tragedy of what could have been. 

You seem to be arguing that the Emperor was both knowledgeable and competent enough to plan ahead but so incompetent and ignorant that he messed everything up by wasting time. What he could have done differently is a topic oft discussed on this sub but arguing that he should have foreseen everything in great detail and planned accordingly ignores everything we know of the character, his motivations and his actions. You argue that he could returned to Sol quicker, could have conquered Terra quicker, conquered the galaxy quicker etc but we know that he was in a rush. Malcador was forever trying to slow him down. 

In the end though my initial point stands - necessity. None of what you've argued is necessary for his plans. He had what he thought he needed. He may have been wrong, we'll never know. But that's what he thought at the time.
