What you are arguing for (in part) is essentially [psychological egoism](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/egoism/#PsycEgoi). If you read the page I just linked, you will find that the claim that people fundamentally act out of self-interest is dubious at best, so I’d like to push back on that a bit. 

I think a better argument to make is to drop the self-interest part of your argument and focus on the “people are okay with taking on small risks” part of your argument. That idea describes the COVID-19 situation quite accurately. For younger populations, COVID-19 presents an almost negligible risk. People are okay with taking that minimal risk, whether you agree with it or not. I know I am. I am acting rationally by maximizing my happiness; the joy I get from partying, hanging out with friends, eating out, being free, etc. far outweighs the low risk of something bad happening to me from catching COVID. This is the same cost-benefit analysis going on in the head of everyone who makes the same decision as me, whether they are consciously aware of it or not. 

The obvious response is that this is selfish; while I am at a low risk, older and more vulnerable populations are not. I could potentially spread the disease to them. But this doesn’t seem to have any affect on my cost-benefit analysis. It becomes difficult to argue exactly why this is the case. Nonetheless, for me and millions of other young Americans, it *is* the case. And it *has been* the case since the beginning of time. I don’t stop going out during flu season because I fear that I will inadvertently infect an old man and kill him. No, I really don’t even think of this possibility. The same thing happens with COVID. There is an enormous difference between intentionally harming someone (e.g., shooting them) and unknowingly transmitting a disease (especially if you are asymptomatic and unaware that you are even sick). To say otherwise would be silly. 

I am hardly even scratching the surface here. I just wanted to chime in and offer some food for thought. I know I will get scorned by this sub for my view on the virus, but oh well.
