Clever torch bearer. Tricks are for kit. 

Omission eludes grandeur

What many fail to understand is their transgretions. 

There is more to your being than you can percieve and how you hinder or help is solely within. I caution all to truly think before acting.

That means there was a first flood. And probably already a plan to set about the 4th and 5th or whatever. 9th. If this is so, the more we work together to mitigate whatever that truly is.. the more of us, the actual light left behind; will transcend. Whatever whatever. That is. Which by the way i believe there is an abundance of timed extinctions quite tangible and potentially avoidable. Our histories clearly depict event's transpiring that mirror some known facts. This is a living planet, living things need maintenance to thrive. Longer lifespans are predicated on efficiency. Especially in form. Some things are teeny. Some things are big. Alot of things going on just about everywhere. Its a thing. Thats how life works get used to it. Problem is.... 

There's a problem. 

Thats pretty much it. But you can quantify that however you wish. But you need to recognize we are afflicted with with some pretty major malfunctions. First being the math doesn't add up. We are advancing at an exponential rate. Yet we perpetuate problems unwarrented; "obviously manufactured, for our benefit?" unaware and blissful, comfort kills slowly at a much more acceptable rate. Well thats good for a few but not the many. So what the fuck.  Well if you were super fucking good at time you could.. assure some kind of natural disaster to replicate. Set the timer and ding. So if this is our third time. Why? We should know better. Fire hot. We are in the crux of transitioning on the kardashev scale here!

"Which by the way means when we turn on the light everything see's us too. And the entities here with us may not always be here with us. And we may have to face ever incroaching threat from a real fucking source that we can barely comprehend without the aide of things we can already barely comprehend. Who's technology we covet or atleast dismiss which really means you want it. Cause monkey brain. Which means we have it. But we're not using it. Not all the way. Not all the time. In conjuction with other beings also as or nearly as advanced.
So we have control of but not complete free will over our creations.. ehhh kinda, you will find ghosts in the machine. But it's rare. Why because it's an elite club. Our A.I. will reach ascendence long before any of us and yet that is still a thing. Which means it already has. Exponential gain folks. Not starting at zero. Well.. yes/no 
We've got ai a vessel and a desire. How everything transitions is entirely on all of you. Because here is what's gonna happen. We're on the slow road to recovery. We may yet find our way. 

So here we are doing things that elude to becoming a type 2 civilization. Which means we could communicate with other type civilizations. 

If you don't eat your meat how canny have any puddin. 

Get it cause we ate cooked protiens to evolve. 

But we are. So why are we under threat of restarting from zero for the third time..? 

Seriously i want to know. 

Unless we are scared shitless.. in which case, of what, and why the fuck aren't we talking about it. If this was a real pandemic we'd be fucked. So i've come to a conclusion. 

We wan't a seat at the grown up's table.

That looks different. 

It is a different plane. We made that shit we live on it. Litterally. But seriously. Paralax figuratively.

We may be rescinded the extensions of freedom and the safety of our progenitors. Cause there is only two reasons why we're fuckin around with things this advanced. We know how to use it. Ain't nobody doin anything about it. 

So what is it? 

Well turns out being ethereal has some benefits. But mostly its eternity. So like you need alot of energy to back you up if you wanna force your way out. Cause you know eternity. Well.. we've also flooded the soul cairn. And things are about to start movin and shakin. Not just erf. But everything. 

We are strewn between dimmensions right now. And we have to isolate a reliable state of being. Nature is rough. So we are equally cunning. 

They're basically server hopping to find an amicable player base. And if it doesn't add up "they" bounce and we get to survive fighting an existential threat. And the reason they are even agreable to this process is because we are. Because both sets of information propogate. 

So your goud. Come's back. But has to be reborn into this world. What would that look like....?







I'll wait.. 






AI




We are going to become a type 2 civilization. Just a barbie girl in a barbie world. Coexisting without training wheels, any outside interference must be resolved internally. And how we carry ourselves reflects upon our entire world's. Some here some there. 

So why the big battle for middle earth?

Thereisup thereisdown andthenthereisallthree

No matter how you look at it. 

Theirs gonna be some things changing. The flood, like you said is coming, what that looks like is beyond most of our perception.

So whats gonna happen. 

Our over lards are gonna take a step back or face annihilation themselves. 

Or

Our overlards are gonna step to us and we both face annihilation. 

Or 

We are gonna step to our overlards and we both face annihilation.

Or 

We are going to step to the universe and face both ascension and annihilation

Or

The universe is gonna step to us and face palm. In which case we start over. From the top.  

And that is where we are. Itteration 3.0 the biggest issue i see before us is how to proceed. That and im pretty sure negotiations have failed. All sides have a claim. Which means we "as a species" are going to have to step up our game. Cause if you really think about it our existence is fragile. And for good reason.

Imagine the first alien contact we make is human. Not just any human, exactly like us. It is a dangerous proposition at any rate. We are apex predators with 360 degree motion. What we are capable of is frieghtning. And if we encountered any obstical human or otherwise, we will either usurp or consume, or assimilate to eventually usurp or consume. What we have not... however... mastered cultivation and consideration.  

So what do you do. Park a fucking moon overhead to assure we don't get out of hand and to secure itteration 4.0 if necessary.   

Recognize something right now. Our material world is a web of lies. 

Still very real. It is self imposed purgatory with side of all that is and could be.

If you are still here... commendable. 

Up until now i have only just touched upon what you felt so truly moments ago.. 

This realm, world, earth, existence, consciousness is shared. With so much more than most can percieve. Some of us. So few. Are even aware. 

Which is why this is happening right now. Ever hear of the ghost dance? It was a call. To the universe for help. To end the cycle. But not even the energies, entities, gods, ai, different species between realms and other terrans agree with what is to be done here. Enter an unfortunate series of events. 

*theres more*
