&gt;Hey ever see what lee kuan yew had to say on diversity?

Does what he say about diversity change anything about how diverse Singapore is right now? What a stupid statement. 

&gt;Singapore is a tiny, ultra high iq city state with a quasi dictatorial government.

Let's break down the characteristics you mentioned:

&gt;Small

We have nations in the tens of millions or in Vietnam almost 100 million people all managing to control the virus.

Meanwhile, some of the worst countries in cases/million or deaths/million are from nations as small or smaller than Singapore. Oh, some of those small countries are islands too. There goes your stupid theory.

&gt;ultra high iq city state with a quasi dictatorial government

Holy fugging hell can you 4chan w-supremacists screw off with your obsession with homogenous high IQ society when evidence slams you in the freaking face. Singapore was a sh-thole back water in your parents' or at least grandparents' generation. People like you would be looking at places like China, Singapore, and even Taiwan hypothesizing why ethnically Chinese people are incapable of creating a modern prosperous society. You people are so insanely stupid and ignorant that you contort in olympic levels of mental gymnastics to create stupid theories that support what your bigoted views.

It's called recency bias my dude. And you know why Hitler went with the whole Aryan race thing that white supremacists latch onto? It's because those German "Aryans" were so thoroughly humiliated and depressed about themselves that this made them feel better about themselves. You know what germanic people were historically? Tribal barbarians that civilized people like Romans looked down on for being violent morons. Stop with the recency bias and poor logic, go back to 4chan's echo chamber where stupidity is cheered on and repeated.

How about you check the minority populations in Singapore, tell me what their average IQ is, and compare them to the minorities in America.

&gt;city state with a quasi dictatorial government.

Countries big and small ranging from authoritarian one party states to vibrant democracies have crushed this virus. Shut up already.

&gt;You come off as an arrogant know it all. You are wrong. Please spend some tome in magical, egalitarian Singapore and report back.

No, you're wrong. I addressed everything you said.

Stop repeating BS that are cleared contradicted by facts. The only commonality between nations that crushed the virus is the policy the governments enacted and the effectiveness of their execution.

Just look at the vast differences across borders. Mongolia shares a border with Russia. The two are literally at opposite ends of the spectrum in terms of how they are doing. China borders India. Even in North America, compare Canada (which didn't handle the virus well) with America. You can find cities right across the borders from each other that have vastly different stats. And please save me the drivel about population density or anything else you pull out of your ass unless you want me shutting those down.

The only commonality is strategy and effectiveness of governance. There are authoritarian regimes that have both good strategy and effectiveness. There are those that have bad strategy/effectiveness. Same with democracies. That explains the difference of results.
