People, society, the whole world. 

It's all broken, but no one wants to admit it. 

People are too concerned with pseudo issues to actually care about something that matters and take a stand for something that could have an impact. People are too misinformed and ignorant that most don't even know what to fight for. No one's willing to stand up for one another when they see injustice. Hardly anyone's living a fulfilling life. They're accepting, getting by, settling. The greatest crime humans actively participates in is doing nothing with their life, which I'm afraid we're nearly trained at birth to do. 

Society is a soul crushing machine that doesn't care about the people running it. So many people live in poverty with no one looking out for them, and every politician is getting as much done as one elected in highschool. Not even that, but the political world right now is a nightmare. I'm not so tribalist that I believe that half of the people in my country want such different things, but they go about so differently it's hard to tell. We've constructed these walls between us, dividing us whenever we can, it's sinister. There is no reason I should hate my fellow man the way I do when neither of us have wronged the other. But society has built echo chambers that have deafened the masses to anyone else. Polarization has never been stronger, and so I fear what is to come, if not happening already. In a society built on vanity of those who can afford it, and suffering for those who can't, I'm ashamed to be any part of it. 

The whole world is no exception to any of what I have said, simply variations. Each instance of this madness builds the collective we know as our planet, a dying tree with withered roots. Every substantial inch of ground has been seized and promptly capitalized upon, as has become routine. This is a dying place as well, slowly decaying after having been tormented by those who followed greed in the name of progress. 

I won't even get into my more philosophical problems. They, I'm certain, cannot ever be fixed. 

I want it all fixed, but I know that won't happen. 

I at least want people to know that it isn't happening.
