&gt;I'm not even going to address the "black supremacy" shit, that's just bog standard racism lmao.

It's not, and there are unironic deluded black supremacists out there; [look up Hoteps if you're not aware.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw5bYlTs9Wk) Sure, they're a minority and almost entirely harmless, but honestly, so are your real actual white supremacists. Charlottesville doesn't count. That was one rally still talked about years later and [loathed by most of the country.](https://www.rollcall.com/2017/08/17/poll-majority-of-americans-say-trumps-charlottesville-response-not-strong-enough/)

There is a boatload of resentment (a massive understatement) between blacks and whites for obvious reasons, and while black people obviously have a real reason for that resentment, and white people do not, it is very clearly stoked to serve the interests of capital, which doesn't help build class solidarity.

&gt;You're going to bitch about how leftists who care abt ""identity politics"" are """"SJWS""" who don't want to build class solidarity

I never said the word SJW, but thanks for putting words in my mouth. But no, I do believe that they want to build class solidarity. I just don't think they're going about it in an effective manner. 

&gt; unironically talking about "South Asian supremacy" as if it's a real thing???

Yes. The way I grew up, I was taught to see myself as better than the native white population because we were more educated and made more money. My interactions with them were always marked by some kind of classism, perhaps as a defense mechanism against racism I faced. Maybe you never experienced this, but I did, so I included it. As I grew up of course, I realized how dumb and  this is. I apologize if this is too anecdotal, I might've made the classic mistake of thinking my experiences can be mapped onto everyone else's. 

Also, I hope you're not trying to pretend that Hindu nationalism is not on the rise and a huge threat to every religious minority in India currently. Sure, it's not "South Asian supremacy" (bad wording on my part), but so many Indians support Modi because they're brainwashed as hell, most of my family unfortunately notwithstanding. Hatred and prejudice is not exclusive to Europeans, and thinking that that is the case is paradoxically incredibly racist and ignorant of a majority of recorded history, most of which has nothing to do with Europeans at all. Recorded history is primarily West African, East African, North African, South Asian, Southwest Asian, Chinese, Mesoamerican, South American, and finally, European.

&gt;If you dismiss the extent to which capitalist society uses identity as a means of further entrenching class inequality, and how one's identity as defined by a capitalist system dictates whose labour gets exploited and for what purpose, you are not building class solidarity. In fact, you're enabling existing hierarchies that contribute to the exploitation of other segments of the working class you claim unity with.

I am not dismissing this. All I am trying to say is that using left-wing identity politics to fight right-wing identity politics does not work. First of all, fixing class-based concerns will help EVERYONE. The low-income gay couple might feel socially ostracised, but they will be much better off having access to free healthcare and cheap housing. The homeless black and native people who live in tents in my city in the deep of winter might experience someone calling them racial slurs, but at least they will have homes, healthcare, and ability to fight back.

Most importantly, not appealing to identity politics means we can get the white majority on our side. Why is this important? Sheer population and electoral support. There is no possible change you can get in America without appealing to the white majority in some way or another. Sure, they're not a homogenous voting block, but as it turns out, telling people they're racist, sexist, etc. for their random socially ignorant opinions, which in my experience, nearly everyone older than 25 has, is not conducive to gaining support from them. This is the most realistic method to achieve true class solidarity *in America*. I have little experience in other countries, so I cannot speak to them.
