This looks like a robot wrote it. Anyway.

Yeah, relative to what happened in major cities during BLM, the police did practically fucking nothing to prevent businesses from being looted and destroyed. I was at one of the largest BLM protests during the second week it kicked off (yes, they smashed windows and lit things on fire later that night). My neighboring city has one of the largest police forces in the country. If they were able to control such events, they would have stomped it all out the first night it got violent rather than letting it persist for months and months. My state’s governor refused to call the National Guard as part of a political measure to stick it to Trump. This went on *for months.* You will find isolated snippets from social media of protestors getting beaten, but compared to how long the protests lasted versus how relatively sparingly this occurred, the law enforcement response was notoriously nonexistent. 

Yes, the corporate press wanted you to think the Arab Spring and Euromaiden were a unanimous good. You had all the usual media actors and the think tanks and such hailing the capacity of Twitter for social change and the prevailing of soft power over autocracy, what have you. You have to be *committed* to being completely milquetoast and unaware of the greater picture to have not noticed this. 

You give people too much of the benefit of the doubt regarding lusting for violence against their perceived enemies. Yes, many of those tweeting out “why weren’t they all shot” would probably have reveled in such a response, though that could be our likely differing perspectives of human nature at play.

No, I don’t have to concede the actions this summer were inevitable or justifiable. That’s despicable, stupid bullshit. Some guy makes more money than me, so I’m okay to just go torch his house? No. If they had cared about “oppression” they would’ve just done it to government and police buildings rather than take it out on bystanders. You’re failing to understand my rationale. 

Your argument about my assertion of the drug epidemic is nothing more than tone policing. I am effectively saying the same thing you are.

Your point here has been to act as playground referee to ensure this is as neutered as possible at the risk of missing the big picture that this whole system is sick. *This is politics, there will be at least some disagreement and polarization.*  This is where the enlightened centrist meme comes from, I swear.
