Right dawg, I'm  not sure where you've been getting your information from but you're sorely misinformed. I'm going to gloss over your blatant homophobia and chalk it up to your ignorance. 

So ordinarily (in my admittedly limited experience) if you were ever in a social situation with a person who uses different pronouns they would tell you that they preferred to be addressed by a different set of pronouns, or if not you might unintentionally address them by the wrong pronouns and they'd correct you; then you can both move on with whatever you were talking about. From my experience addressing someone by the wrong pronouns only becomes a problem when a person continually uses the wrong pronouns as a  deliberate attempt to undermine another person. How would you feel if someone kept addressing you by the wrong pronouns - it would get annoying quickly. 

"How tf can a gender be gay?????"

Ummm... What? I think you may have been misinformed on this one or I may have misunderstood what you were getting at. I'm not LGBTQ+ (well AFAIK) but I will try and explain it to you from my understanding: 

Sex = your biological make-up i.e. your chromosomes so there are: XY which is male, XX which is female, and there are very rare occurrences of those who are intersex XXY for example. Basically what genitals you had when you were born. 

Gender = whether you psychologically are/feel male, female, or another. Gender is not 1 or the other (non-binary, you may have heard that term before) it's a spectrum. Overwhelmingly most people psychologically align with the gender that they were assigned at birth (i.e based on their sex). For example, my sex is male,  and my gender is male as I feel psychologically that I am a man. 

Sexuality = Crudely who you wanna bang (if anyone). So your sexuality is linked to, but not the same as your sex or your gender. So for example if your gender identity is male and you are only attracted to other people who identify as male then you would be gay. If someone's sex and gender are different (for example if someone was assigned  female at birth, but identifies as male) and is attracted to other people who identified as male they would also be considered gay; as to the best of my understanding gender:gender determines your sexuality rather than what junk you've got. 

I used to be confused and ignorant of the gender/sex difference until it was explained to me. In my view why not let other people live their life as they see fit while you live yours as you see fit. If you're still confused I'd highly recommend reading [this](https://www.healthline.com/health/sex-vs-gender#sex) and maybe posting on r/explainlikeimfive or another question sub where you can have an open dialogue with people in the LGBTQ+ community. 

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: Sex and  gender ARE NOT  the same and CANNOT be used interchangeably. Just let other people get on with their lives without worrying about whether their gender  and genitals match up, because it doesn't make a difference to your life! 

I hope this helps answer your question!
