Coincidentally, this Shatner/Takei kerfuffle and the disgruntlement of other Trek cast members came up for discussion recently in a Facebook Trek group. Because I think it is sufficiently "on point, and to save my typing fingers, here is how I responded then:

A few points come to mind.

Reading through the exhaustively researched volumes of These are the Voyages (Season one, two, and three), by Marc Cushman, you will find comments from people that show a full range of reactions to working with Shatner (and Nimoy, and even Kelley), from those who loved the experience to those who did not.

I love the Trek characters \*and\* the cast members who played them, but when I first heard, some decades ago, about these complaints from the other cast members, my initial thought was that they had forgotten what business they were in.

For one thing, this show was not filmed in the era of the ensemble cast show. You had the stars and the supporting cast. The stars got the most (screen time, lines, money). That's simply the way it was. For another, post-Trek, all the cast members ("stars" and otherwise) had issues of typecasting to deal with that impacted their careers. This also was not unusual—then or now.

Another major factor is that during the course of making each episode, there were multiple drafts of each script. The revisions and changes often resulted in scenes/lines being reduced, cut out entirely, etc. The Cushman books show examples of this. It might be due to the input of the showrunners, to input from cast members, to limitations of budget and/or technology, to network oversight, etc. Yes, Shatner had his input, but so did other cast members.

But all the supporting cast could see was their parts being whittled down, rewrite by rewrite.

However, there were never any public reports of disharmony on the set, and off the set and even post-Trek, everyone was always one big happy family. So it does not surprise me that none of this unhappiness came to light until many years later (after Roddenberry's passing). To Shatner's credit, although he had been totally oblivious and unaware of any of it, he did not sweep it under the rug. He reported on it in his own books.

Now, if Trek had not become the phenomenon that it did, at the end of the series everyone would have gone their own way, dealt with their various careers (and maybe even without the typecasting burden that success brings), and likely thought no more about any of this.

But that didn't happen. Instead we got convention after convention after convention. Where all the cast members—main, supporting, guest, etc.—were lauded and cheered and applauded (rightfully so). 

That was bound to have an effect, too, because knowing that across the country there were people making it clear that they would have loved to have seen more of your character and your performance . . . Well, if I were in that situation, I would start to feel hard done by. 

Which does not, however, make their lack of screen time the fault of a single individual. 

In the end, none of us were there and cannot report first-hand, and I for one got tired of hearing about this silly "feud" right from the beginning. Settle it like gentlebeings and leave the rest of us out of it.
