Hey all good bud, I should have posted it that first night haha. 

I'll post the intro I gave to my players before session zero, which is Sydney focused but references the broader Australian scene too. I'll then also chuck in some of my Melbourne-specific notes I have shortly in a subsequent post.

#Sydney Under Shadow

*Introduction*

Sydney should be paradise for Kindred like you.

It is unique in this world, especially in nights such as these.

Sydney is a haven for all, without tie to sects, but respected by Camarilla, Anarch, and Sabbat alike.  Ruled by Prince Sarrasine, apparently an ancient Toreador, but whispered to be Caitiff (and thus as unique as the city he rules), Sydney has stood strong against all outsiders and has quietly influenced Kindred affairs in Australia since the first vampires arrived on the continent.  When Prince Sarrasine speaks, the Camarilla of Melbourne, the Sabbat Diocese of Brisbane, the Anarchs of Perth, and even the Kuei-Jin of Adelaide pay heed, though they all may chafe to do so.

Sarrasine brooks no external threats to his princedom, but any who obey his rule and acknowledge his authority are welcome, regardless of affiliation, clan, or sect. Almost all the clans have some presence in the city and its surrounds; Brujah rabble-rouse at university campuses while Nosferatu haunt the rail tunnels and sewers beneath their feet; Tremere maintain a Chantry in the exclusive suburbs north of the harbour while the Ventrue wheel and deal in the towers of the central business district; even the Sabbat-aligned are tolerated, provided they curb their excess, with priests recruiting amongst the faithful of Western Sydney.

Sydney should be paradise for Kindred like you.  

Densely populated, yet wide-open enough to make competition for territory and hunting grounds less fraught than most cities. Multiple entertainment districts and ridiculous lock-out laws ensure ample feeding opportunities are frequent and occur far earlier in the night than is typical in most of the world – mortals here use their limited time to become as insensate as possible as fast as they can, and are thus ripe for the picking.  The population is unarmed and unaware, and the mortal police are far less militarised than in most countries and owned by the Prince besides. 

Kindred society in the city is decadent in the finest traditions of the ancient world.  Blood flows freely for those in the Prince’s favour, and those who would seek to oppose Sarrasine will find no shortage of allies that promise even greater rewards, albeit bringing with them a commensurate amount of danger.

Sydney should be paradise. And yet…

Tension fills the air, noticeable even to a newcomer like you – it is sharp, actinic; it would burn your lungs if you still needed to draw breath. You can sense that the status quo is changing.  Tensions rise between the cities of Australia and the cold war may be turning hot.  The Truce of Sydney has been broken. Kindred society broils and violence rages…

…Vampires disappear, seemingly at random, with no pattern except that the frequency is increasing.  Power, affiliation, clan, none of it seems to matter.  A random lick of no import is as likely to vanish as one of Sarrasine’s chosen inner circle, and it is seemingly impossible to tell whether these disappearances are linked, coincidence, or vast conspiracy. No Kindred is safe, yet none can tell why…

…Anarch thugs fly their flags high, ignoring commands to stand down as they ambush Camarilla emissaries in the streets and storm their private holdings across the country in a very visible, very personal war upon a Brujah Prince they call traitor…

…Sabbat packs, bereft of leadership as the sect collapses, brutalise unaligned vampires, doing what they do best: preying upon the weak at the command of anyone strong enough to seize their reigns. Soon their attacks will escalate, as they always do, and the mass-embraces will begin again…

…Pinpoint assassinations occur – sometimes political, sometimes personal, sometimes all too literal – and high-ranking Sydney Kindred are destroyed, the damage to their reputations often just as brutal as the final death.  Sarrasine’s own Sheriff is decapitated live on the internet, and though the Second Inquisition is blamed, many whisper Prince Leslie Taylor of Melbourne is the one truly responsible…

…The Kuei-Jin of the Court of the Rising Sun - ruthless, implacable, and utterly alien in nature - seek to consolidate and expand their power outside of Adelaide, and are not above aligning with other powers to do so. If they join themselves to any of the factions, the delicate balance of power will tip entirely…

…At the same time, the Green Court of Korea move onto the continent, allying with Prince Taylor in breaking the Truce of Sydney, though official declarations of war have not yet occurred. No one knows where this alliance will lead, though it is known that the Green Court has no love of the Court of the Rising Sun despite their shared Kuei-Jin heritage… 

…Caitiff and Thinbloods band together, demanding a seat at the table of the Prince who proclaims them as equals, or else falling in with any of the factions that will take them, willing to do anything to become a part of the society that despises them…anything at all…

… The Lasombra withdraw from the Sabbat, seeking admission into the ranks of the Camarilla.  And yet the clan leadership in Australia have received no instruction, and so the Magisters fall upon each other, scraping and clawing for any scrap of power and stability they can find from whoever is offering it…

…An ancient monster has arrived in the borders of the city, making no formal approach to the Prince’s court.  None know of his intentions or his reason for being in the city, but what they do know is this creature exudes a cold evil to make Elders shudder and any emissaries sent, Kindred or Kine, have not returned.  Far worse, however, is the complete disdain this ancient one has for the Masquerade, and the danger this represents to all…

…And at the outskirts of Sarrasine’s domain, where his control runs thin and the air is far too still, undead blood turns cold as the howling of wolves fills the night…

Sydney should be paradise for Kindred like you.

But you are in Prince Sarrasine’s domain and nothing is as it seems. 

Sydney has already killed you once. 

Will it finish the job?

*The Scene*

Sydney is the only city in the world ruled by an entirely independent Prince, the ancient and powerful and utterly corrupt Sarrasine.

Australia is also unique in the world of Vampire: The Masquerade as a place where the independent Princedom of Sydney came together with the Camarilla of Melbourne and the Sabbat of Brisbane against a common foe: the Kuei-Jin invasion of Adelaide.

This game will take place in a Sydney post-this invasion.  The Kuei-Jin Court of the Rising Sun, despite such fierce opposition, were nonetheless successful in conquering Adelaide and declaring dominion over much of South Australia.  Worse still, Prince Taylor of Melbourne sensed weakness in his erstwhile allies and brought in his own Kuei-Jin reinforcements from Korea, breaking the fragile truce in the process and leaving both Sarrasine and Archbishop Camille of Brisbane reeling.  Even the other Camarilla-held cities in Australia eye Taylor’s rule askance, and the Anarchs have outright declared war upon him for being a traitor to his Clan twice-over.

Currently, though skirmishes have occurred and clandestine blows have been struck, Taylor’s all-out offensive has somehow not begun. Outright hostilities have not broken out and Sydney remains mostly at peace in the broader conflict between sects.  However, that isn’t to say that the city itself is peaceful; as the introduction text indicates, there is plenty of danger lurking in Sydney.

Sarrasine has nominated a location for Elysium and the Kindred of the city have been called to meet, yourselves included.  It is known that he will be discussing the upcoming peace talks and that representatives of all the sects and Clans will be there, but there are whispers that he means to address the other peculiar goings on as well.  Perhaps some enterprising vampires will be given some work to do for their Prince.  Perhaps they will be handsomely rewarded.  Perhaps they will even survive…
