&gt; which is leading people to come out of the woodwork and claim he’s promoting “whataboutism” rhetoric

I believe that people who live in Western(ized) cultures (at least, I can't speak for others) have become extremely detached from reality.  The very fabric of reality itself seems to have become somehow torn, or distorted, or poisoned.

&gt; In my mind, Dan Carlin should be an honorary IDW member as he has a decades long history of supporting classically liberal ideas and is not opposed to speaking fairly and calmly with or about people and ideas he disagrees with. His audience, though, makes me think it’s best to keep plenty of distance between him and the Weinstein’s, Harris, Peterson, etc., and that’s disappointing. At least Dan hasn’t fallen victim to audience capture. 

The more people listening to Dan Carlin the better, but the ~attention that comes with that may not be beneficial to his mental health (and as a result, may affect the quality of his output).  Hence his radio silence on politics for the last few years.

&gt; Claiming “whataboutism” when someone states that all violence is bad or that you’re a hypocrite if you support some violence but oppose it elsewhere - it’s intellectually lazy, extremely divisive, and ignorant of legitimate criticisms. 

This is all true, but what's more important is that this style of thinking (as well as that of the Trump "insurrectionists") is now what the very fabric of reality is composed of.  Unfortunately, I don't know how to get people to realize this, or understand it's importance.  It's a very slippery concept.  People think reality is what we see out the window, but that is only a small portion of reality, the materialistic portion.  The larger *and more important* part of reality is non-materialistic, and exists only within our mind: *our perception of reality*.  And it is this non-materialistic *perception of reality* that controls how *materialistic reality* unfolds.  

Some people may chuckle at such ideas, dismissing them as Metaphysical Masturbation or something of the sort.  Mother Nature affords us this luxury, but does she afford us freedom from the consequences of objectively incorrect beliefs?  Perhaps this is related to the notion of [Free Will](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_will_in_theology) in religions.
