&gt;Basically just that our understanding of a subject can be wrong initially but over time it should improve. Like how in January 2020 the knews was that covid wasn't airborne.

Again. Some things dont change, 

&gt;I think we actually agree on whether the mask provides protection for the wearer.

Contextually. 

&gt;But I don't think my mask needs to protect me to be effective. 

That's like saying " i dont think my condom needs to protect me to be effective"

Does that sound correct? 

&gt;Its whether wearing a mask prevents someone who is contagious and unaware of it to spread it to others. 

https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/asymptomatic-transmission-of-covid-19-didnt-occur-at-all-study-of-10-million-findsz

However, the new study in Nature Communications, titled “Post-lockdown SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid screening in nearly 10 million residents of Wuhan, China,” debunked the concept of asymptomatic transmission. 
It stated that out of the nearly 10 million people in the study, “300 asymptomatic cases” were found. Contact tracing was then carried out and of those 300, no cases of COVID-19 were detected in any of them. “A total of 1,174 close contacts of the asymptomatic positive cases were traced, and they all tested negative for the COVID-19.”


&gt;Your bottom link brought up the math in part 2 that if 60% of people wore a mask that prevented 60% of the covid carrying saliva from reaching other people then each carrier on average would infect roughly the same or slightly less people over time. 

That's if you're coughing.

&gt; At the start this was to "flatten the curve" to prevent hospitals from being overloaded.

Yes

&gt;And if the cloth masks do prevent covid from reaching other people than its better to have everyone wear them as the math would state it would increase the % of people who are contagious, unaware of it, and are also lowering how many people they infect by wearing masks

Unless the puce of cloth is contaminated, in which  case youd have five  times more likely you'll  he infected.


&gt;Also don't wear masks with valves, or ones that are too big or small, or a bandana as they don't do anything, and can cause people to leave the house enter locations thinking they are protecting others while they aren't.

Which  most people  do.
