&gt;Just because there are more white people affected as an absolute number doesnt mean theyre affected the same as a proportion of the population.

You are missing the point. My point is that, without intent, you are describing a problem, but not racism. I have no particular interest to break down prison policy, but what you have presented is not racism because racism is inherently an intent based sin.

&gt;Also my example very very broadly lays out several systems that perpetuate those disproportionately bad outcomes,

"Disproportionally bad outcomes" aren't racism unless they are caused by intentional mal action. If a system operates on two people who are otherwise the same other than race in the same manner, as the one you described does, we are not talking about race, but at best class. 

And there inlies the thing you aren't getting. 

Stop calling criticisms of systems you don't like systemic racism unless the driving cause of the divide is actually racism. One, because it makes your argument easier to dismantle by tying it to a horse that is far harder to prove. Tow, it's divisive on it's face, as you say, if it effects poor people generally, why make it a race issue in the first place?

&gt;Also just because white people aren't affected as much as a proportion of their population, wouldn't we want to help those people too?

Sure, but you saying this proves it isn't fucking racism, just a bad system for pragmatic reasons.

Racism can not exist absent of intent to cause harm on the basis of race. That is what racism is.

What you have described is a system that incidentally causes disproportionate outcomes based on race not as a driver, but as a consequence of extremely complex histories that create a preexistent class disparity. If everyone woke up tomorrow and was collored gray nothing would change, and thus the system isn't systemically racist. it's just a bad system.

&gt; (which are again not debated) 

Also, funny. To believe the cause of poverty isn't debated AND that it's 100% the cause of criminal justice is laughable at best and ignorant of the mounds of science that paint a far more complex picture. It certainly could be part of the problem, but to claim it's completely undebated is absurdist.
