&gt; Hell, I could use it in an effective way to prove that someone like Floyd, who was born in institutionalized poverty and racially charged conditions which removed many opportunities from his life at a young age had very little choice but becoming a petty delinquent.

It's almost like... stay with me now... if he was mentored and rehabilitated when he first started acting like a delinquent maybe he would be better off?  That maybe living in a society where we are all about consequences and punishment lead to him using counterfeit money that caused his murder in the first place?

&gt; If you are right, and the reason she tbehaves that way is because her parents failed to raise her properly, protecting her from deserved circumstances as she comes out of age is not going to do her any favors later in life. At one point the coddling needs to stop and she needs to learn to behave in society.

I mean shit seems like you would have been all about Biden's '94 crime bill I mean as you said "Consequences to your actions and choices are important, regardless of your age." With that logic all those black teens who ended up in juvie for pretty drug crimes deserved to have their futures ruined.

&gt;Besides, it's not as though she's entirely innocent and ignorant of the vileness of her behavior. She several times acknowledges that other people are not going to like what she has to say and belligerently dismisses their concern. 

A teenager saying something that might piss off other people say it ain't so!  Stop acting like that isn't something the majority of teenagers do at some point.  She just said something 1000s of backwards ass adults have said to no consequence, but people want to hold her accountable for it for a bit of freudenschade.

&gt;You cannot possibly have kids if you believe that allowing a challenge accompanying misbehavior is going to result in anything else but a learned belief that you can be walked over.

Actually I do have a kid, but unlike my father did to me, I don't beat his ass when he makes a mistake or does something wrong I actually talk to him about it and try to figure out the root to why he did what he did and work on it.  But hey I'm sure to you that's not enough consequences for a child.

&gt; Moreover, we are talking about a man whose LIFE was taken from him, and here you are clutching pearls over a white, privileged, entitled woman losing her first choice of university?

First I don't think clutching pearls means what you think it means and second we are talking about a CHILD not a woman.  Yes we are talking about a man's life but your acting as if somehow her words caused his death.  Also we are not just talking about losing her first choice but losing a scholarship.  But I can tell you you think her 'privalege' is going to make sure everything works out for her and that this isn't going to follow her for years or affect her getting into another college.


&gt; She will be fine, she can choose another and hopefully not be a braggart about it and go on living her life more quietly and maybe acquire a better understanding of consequences in life.

Again this shows you are only worried about punishment.  You don't care if she changes her views you just hope this keeps her from stating them in public.  Instead of wanting her to get educated about these things you are just happy that a 'white, privileged, entitled woman' got taken down a peg.
