It had been one week since Zenxar and his men flew over the Earth, giving all the humans red, yellow, or blue dots on their hands. It wasn’t easy, as they learned that not all humans sleep during the night as they thought, but they managed to get it done. Zenxar wanted to see if humans were as divisive and judgmental as everyone claimed they are, so he gave the humans dots to see if the claims were correct.

Zenxar, walked in to the bridge and greeted his crew mates. “How have the humans adapted to these dots?” He asked. “Well sir” one of his lieutenants replied “it seems like it’s been a mixed reception all around. As we initially predicted, many of the more reasonable ones went about their lives as if nothing had changed.”

“That’s good to hear.” Zenxar stated.

“There’s more. A bunch of theories have begun to pop up as to what they mean. Some say they were caused by extraterrestrials” Zenxar almost chuckled at the sound of that. “While others have claimed that certain dots mean that someone belongs to certain hate groups.”

“Really? Is that true?”

“No sir, our studies have shown that all groups have a variety of different colored dots. While some have more of one color than the others, it’s not enough to draw that kind of a conclusion.”

“That sounds terrible!”

“It gets worse I’m afraid. Based on these false claims, many humans have taken to insulting each other, saying that their dots were a sign that they were stupid and ignorant, of course these claims aren’t true, we made sure that the more and less intelligent have a roughly equal amount of the same colored dots.”

“Sir! Sir!” Another crewmen interrupted. “It’s terrible! A significant portion of the humans have resorted to bodily harm!”

“What?” Zenxar replied in shock.

“It’s true, many have been cutting the skin off the backs of their hands, some have even gone so far as to cut their own hands off!”

Zenxar hung his head in sorrow. These false claims had driven many to commit harm upon themselves. It was a terrible thought to think. As much as he hated to admit it, his experiment was a success. Humans were just as hateful and ignorant of each other as the were centuries ago. No doubt if more time passed, there would surely be a war due to these dots. They never change.

“Relay a message back to the council” Zenxar ordered. “Tell them Earth is still lost.”
