"For every rule in biology, there are exceptions. This is due to information that we have not discovered yet. But it doesn't mean that a truth doesn't exist." Well actually, it does. What you view as truth is very different from reality. What colour your eyes perceive isn't the same as mine, which in turn isn't the same as the way a dog perceives colour. Then you have creatures such as snakes, that can visually see the infrared spectrum that we can't perceive. Or pigeons that can see the electromagnetic spectrum. If you're trying to find a perfect truth then you're in pursuit of something unobtainable. The actual truth is that every being is unique. You cannot define a living thing into a category without there been exceptions, even within the same species. This is core to biology because it’s why we are not all clones of one another. You're trying to categorise them based on a strict set of criteria which is insanity. These beings don't even have the same criteria they did half an hour ago. Living things fluctuate and change. If you define a creature anatomically, the creature will lose a limb. If you define them hormonally, their hormone fluctuates naturally over time. You cannot define sex because "sex" isn't a definition. It's a category born from several other factors - Physiological, hormonal, genetic and several other less impactful ones. Even genetically, a binary model cannot cover that we observe several distinct variations in our karyotypes. If XY is one category and XX is another, shouldn't XXY, XXXY, XXX, XXXX, XXYY, XXXXX, XXXXY, XYY be their own categories? How do you define which karyotype belongs to male or female?

"But that definition is beyond the scope of my knowledge and so I cannot define it for you." This isn't based on knowledge, that's the whole point. It's based on the lack of a natural dividing line between a dog and a wolf. A general (but loose) definition of a species is that it becomes a distinct species when they can no longer interbreed, but many dogs and wolves can. So, we instead say that dogs are two generations from wolves (a problematic definition). This is a different rule to what we use to govern other creatures. This is an example of how your dividing lines don't work. Nature doesn't have categories. We humans try to impose a dividing line to simplify things but they are arbitrary. What even qualifies as a single organism? Does the bacteria in our gut count as human? Or part of a human? A human cannot exist without it. Is it a symbiotic relationship or an infection? What happens when it's your own bodies cells as in the case of cancer? What defines cancer? How does a foetus differ from a cancer? These may seem very simple on the face of it, but they are anything but simple. A cancer is a malign growth of your own cells. A foetus could actually qualify as a cancer by certain definitions. Of course, we use a mature approach to the subject, rather than sticking to this naive view that the definitions are fact because they are not.

"The reason that the binary model is the best current definition of sex is because it is based on simple and precise fact. There are only 2 reproductive roles." Ok, so which role does a male with functioning breast tissue fill? Male, female or both? Science says that a male with functioning breast tissue is still a male but has a trait that is female. Your definition instantly breaks because you're saying that there is a clear dividing line which simply isn't the case. This male could fill a "male sexual role" as you put it, but could also fill part of the females role. Is uterus that has never functioned still a uterus? Does this still qualify them as a woman in your eyes? This may seem like a simple question but it's really not. How do you define a uterus from cancer? They are the same cells. You can take this to something far simpler and still not get a decisive result. Is a broken car still a car or scrap metal? It doesn't fill the role of a car. Maybe it never did. It may not even look like a car anymore. At what defining point does a car become a piece of metal? Science says it was always a piece of metal that was also a car. You're saying that there is a defining line between the two. See below for the absurdity of your hammer analogy. 

"these circumstances do not classify a third sex because these are not separate distinct sexual roles." But a lot of people don’t have a “sexual role” and you’ve yet to provide an actual definition. You’ve chopped and changed it based on new circumstances and disregarded reality. A woman who cannot give birth, under your first definition wasn’t a woman. Then you said that they are because they still have the reproductive parts, but the parts may never have been reproductive. So how do you define that? A woman is a person who may or may not have reproductive parts? I’m asking this because I know you can’t answer it. I’m hoping you realise that what you’re trying to do here is an exercise in futility. 

"Your argument is that because our binary model is not perfect in classifying people that it must be wrong and therefore the definition of sex is completely wrong." That isn't my argument. My argument is that you're trying to put an arbitrary dividing line into a complex system that doesn't have such distinctions and you’re doing so in spite of evidence to the contrary. You cannot define male or female in a human as any set of criteria or characteristics. It's too simple and ignorant of the reality and lived experience of the person and our species overall. My view is the same as sciences. We try to define it, but we admit that there are exceptions. You're not doing this. You're saying there are no exceptions, only a lack of knowledge. That everyone falls into one of two categories. This is demonstrably false. Why? Give me a definition for the "strict sexual roles" that I cannot break or find an exception to and you will have an argument, but that is not, and will never be the case, regardless of how much knowledge we have. So ultimately, this idea is a non-starter.

"We know that there do exist intersex people and infertile people, but based on the definition of sex, these circumstances do not classify a third sex because these are not separate distinct sexual roles." They don't have a sexual role, so they fit neither category under your definition. So instantly you have to invoke a third category anyway. "Other" or "non-functioning" or whatever. So there goes the binary...You did that. Instantly...

"Hammers are a specifically designed tool for a certain purpose. Many hammers will look different but they all serve the same purpose. Let's say you're using a hammer and the head falls off rendering it useless. The item does not cease to be a hammer." Is a spanner a hammer? It can be used as one, so by your definition, it is one. It looks different from the other hammers but that's fine according to your definition. So all spanners are hammers. I've also used screwdriver handles so they class as hammers too. This is going to make DIY very confusing the time I visit IKEA...Its too simplistic…

"It simply A majority of infertile people can be sufficiently classified into either male or female. A minority of intersex people are entirely ambiguous, and for these cases I would say they are sufficiently male and female." Well no they can't because you already said they can't. They don't fill a sexual role. That was your criteria. You can’t rely on a “strict sexual role” and then disregard it when it suits your argument. The only reason you’re even able to do this is because you’re so vague in what a “sexual role” even is. Your first definition described it, but was full of flaws. Instead of updating it when confronted with post-menopausal women, you clarified that they still have previously reproductive parts. So in the case of non-fertile people, they may never have had reproductive parts. So we’re back to the beginning of what qualifies as a reproductive part in these “Sexual roles”? What is your definition of sex? What you’ve done is use circular reasoning and that is a logical fallacy. You’re forcing reality into your boxes which isn’t science. You’re starting at the conclusion and working backwards. 

To summarize, your view is that everyone is male or female but you cannot define the characteristics that qualify a male or a female. This "sexual role" is vague and many humans fall into neither category (instantly invoking a third category anyway). You need to clarify this because your whole argument is based upon it. Whether you do or don’t, this model is filled with flaws and loopholes and doesn’t describe the reality we live in, which is the entire point of science! Your model doesn’t even qualify as scientific hypothesis because you’re starting with a conclusion. You have made no attempt to change the categories based on observation so at this point it’s a belief system. No different from the greek gods, flat earth or brain leeching alien slugs. Until you have something that disproves the current model then I’m afraid you have got nothing. Binary isn’t the current model and hasn’t been since the 1950’s. You’re 70 years out of date. People have been born, lived their lives and died since then. When you mentioned a lack of knowledge earlier, it isn’t a collective lack of knowledge. It’s your own lack of knowledge on this subject. I’ve attached a few articles from scientific publications below. They reference their sources and studies (not as clear as I would have liked but they’re there) but they’re a far easier to read and understand than the studies themselves.  

https://massivesci.com/articles/sex-gender-intersex-transgender-identity-discrimination-title-ix/?fbclid=IwAR1M6hf-kjRBzKeiCz4wwr00_9G_Vj6AdWE6wR1LaeJnOfLyIW5vpvZJyRA

https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/sa-visual/visualizing-sex-as-a-spectrum/

http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2016/gender-lines-science-transgender-identity/
