My wording could have been better, but she said  "My mom remarried when i was 13". So since she and her step-sister are the same age, I'm assuming that her step-dad hadn't married and divorced within the 13 years. Meaning that she spent 13 years with only 1 parent. This lead me to assume that she grew up with one parent

If you think that assumption is too much, then fair enough, I can't back that up, but I think it's unlikely for someone to marry &amp; divorce and then remarry within that time period.

Plenty of people grow up with one parent and come out just fine, this is true. However, there are also plenty of people who grow up with one parent and don't come out fine. I'm not trying to say that everyone with one parent must be damaged in someway. The point I am trying to make is that having one parent is often a disadvantage, taxing to say the least.  Unless you want to suggest that this isn't true, I'm not sure what your intention is when you say "Plenty of people grow up with one parent and come out just fine".

That being said, as I said in my original comment, this doesn't justify the step-sister's ridiculous behavior...

Finally, in the heat of the moment I think I might behave similarly, saying she should be ashamed or worse. However, this almost certainly isn't the correct decision and we should try to not do this or be proud that we might do this.

When you tell someone to be ashamed, very rarely will they actually be ashamed. Usually doing so will just direct their anger towards you and force them to double down on their position. This is going to be more true if it comes from a stranger such as you or I. The reason I tell her to talk to her parents when things have calmed down is because she can have a proper conversation about the problem. In the heat of the moment, she and everyone else probably aren't in a position to carefully consider the problem and come up with solutions. In that moment, her parents may be angry, irrational and unaware of many things. By talking in a "peaceful" moment her Dad/mom might recant many statements.

If they continue treat her in an unfair or dismissive manner then that would speak to their normal mindset and beliefs instead of their emotional mindset and beliefs and from that we can make a much harsher judgement on character rather than impulse.
