My normal play has been large group pvp, heroic dungeons and LFR raids as a healer.  At that level it dosnt matter what the big boys are doing on YouTube.  Any of the classes will preform their duty regardless of the word on the streets about them.  So if you love a character’s play style you can do those things without worry.

So there’s some BUTS on both sides about playing non-meta characters.  If you want to do mythics where you must form your own groups you are essentially doing it how we did it in classic.  We’d stand in front of a dungeon and pick people.  If you had a mage and a shadow priest you’d pick the mage and too often shadow was told to go respec to holy and stop the nonsense.  Boomkins were simply too meme for the masses to take and warriors were chosen over paly or bears then too.  The same picking goes on for mythics too.  You apply to a group and they can take or reject you. It’s not infront of you like it was and maybe that’s easier but it still feels bad not getting picked.  

I’d argue that non-meta classes can still do low keys but that won’t matter when your sitting there not getting picked because the masses watched the championships and demon hunters were the tanks.  People can see their mobility and massive dps and that’s what they think they need.  They are unimaginative and ignorant of what other tanks can bring to the table.  So if you and a similar DH apply they will take the DH because it feels safe based on what they watched.  It’s their key so it’s their choice.  If you want to do prot and mythics you’ll get less groups right now.  If you use your own key though you’ll get people for sure as there’s so many dps looking for groups that you’ll really only need a healer to not care.

As a final note this has been my experience: I picked Mistweaver for this expansion as it was the only healer I didn’t have.  Turns out it’s in the dumpster like prot is.  I did try Mythic+4s with it but I was able to see its problems emerging that people online were highlighting. MWs easily run outa mana and do not have some very helpful tools in their kits that some healers do.  I just pulled my Druid out this week and started gearing them.  I was at ilvl 200 on my monk and I feel my Druid has a similar feeling for healing at ilvl 170. I am doing less healing HPS when I run the numbers but my heals feel good and I have some solid utility in my kit.  

So my advice is that what the reviews are saying are mostly on the money about specs, but it doesn’t mean they are unplayable.  You might have it easier at a lower ilvl on a meta character.  My suggestion is put some time into your warrior and plan to overgear them for the content your aiming at.  Do be realistic about the tools you have and don’t have as those can’t not be changed.  DKs get a battle Rez for instance and that’s an amazing tool for a tank to stand a healer back up for instance.

Good luck with your choice!
