&gt; Additionally, it didn’t seem to matter before because people were making the best product possible, and ignorant of social issues or not, didn’t make that the priority.

Eh, I just think I fundamentally disagree there. There have always been bad shows with bad writing, and I think the push for more diversity highlights a different kind of bad writing, where hamfisted "wokeness" starts to interfere with characterization/storytelling, but that doesn't mean that those shows would be great if they didn't have the diversity. That bad writing would manifest elsewhere, just like it used to in the countless bad shows from the early 2000s and earlier that we've collectively forgotten about.

On the flip side, there are *great* movies/shows that are extremely social issue/diversity-minded and make it a priority, but the quality is still there. I just don't think there's really a strong correlation between the two concepts. A focus on social issues and diversity or not, some things will be good, some things will be bad. The world spins round.

And either way, personally, I'm willing to forgive some bad or forgettable content that doesn't handle diversity well because on a broad scale I think the trend towards more inclusive casting and storytelling is a good thing for the industry and a good thing for our culture. I'd prefer that over having almost all content – good and bad – be about straight white people.

&gt;If Lost was created now, I personally don’t think it would be a fraction as good, because a huge priority would be placed on diversifying the cast before anything else, especially on a large ensemble piece.

See it's funny, because I think if Lost came out today – and it was the exact same show with the exact same cast and the exact same writing – people would criticize the diversity as being "forced" and "too woke", because that's the hot button topic of the day. A Middle Eastern character who faces racist abuse from a southern American 3 years after 9/11 is just as on-the-nose as most of the shit people complain about these days! But because it was made in a different time, and people have nostalgia for it now, it's remembered well.

I honestly think a lot of the time those complaints come more from the perceived motivations of the creators, and the sight-unseen grievances of anti-woke hivemind critics, than the actual content itself.
