&gt;The difference is women have decent options in men they overlook fir the shallowest of reasons. 

No, see, you just think that for *all women*. That's the problem. Rather than painting with a broad brush, I'm telling you, from firsthand talking to many, that a sizeable portion of women do not have decent options available to them—or, rather, the indecent ones *perfectly* blend in with the decent ones and make it impossible to tell the difference. They are regularly used for sex, under-valued, lied to, or completely ignored by otherwise \*seemingly\* good dudes. And it makes for a very difficult to feel like you have any options when time after time after time after time you meet someone who "might be different and decent this time" but ends up treating the same goddamn way. 

In the same way your invisibility is an illusion, so is "everyone wants to use me." It's confirmation bias. My point is that *both* are lies people tell themselves. And stupidly enough, they make it a pity-party where they feel the *other* side is being silly and ignorant of the "real^(TM)" struggle. 

&gt;I don’t know a single guy who would reject a woman because she is two inches taller than he typically likes or her breasts are a size smaller.

NAWALT. And don't confuse real attraction from picky bullshit. Some men only want to date ultra hot women because they see it as a status symbol (there's your "opposite of invisibility vs. her being used" right there). But some just find them attractive. Similarly, some (a minority I'd say) women are, for whatever reason, deeply attracted to height or whatever else. 

&gt;Women reject shorter men all the time because they feel entitled to someone from literally the top 15% of all men.

Nah, I'm only 172cm and do just fine. 

&gt;But when I’m fit, making $150,000 a year, with retirement sorted, the fat single mom I’m expected to date doesn’t compare to the average guy the average woman is expected to date.

You sound entitled as fuck, dude. And this is also just bullshit. Nobody is telling you to date anyone you aren't attracted to. *That's the whole fucking point.* I guarantee you most women are not doing this weird over-filtering you're imagining. Are you only dating online or something??

&gt;Men are expected to settle way more than women and pretending our struggles are comparable is ludicrous

Don't preach, make arguments. Preaching doesn't work for me.

&gt;No one demands the average woman settle for a fat neckbeard, just a guy that may not look like he walked off the pages of GQ. It seems even that is a stretch in 2021.

This sounds made up. I have no idea what you're talking about here.
