#Shitting on the US for being behind in social policies honestly feels disingenuous and ignorant of geopolitical history coming from people in countries that have history going back centuries if not millennia and have only within the last 100 years passed those same social reforms.

---

I want to preface by saying that I 100% agree that the US is behind the times with social reform. Universal healthcare, free education, poverty assistance, there is A LOT that can be reformed within our government and we have numerous countries whose history and wisdom we can rely on to enact those changes. But I still feel there are a lot of people on reddit who would belittle America genuinely, for not being current on social policies that the rest of the world has caught up on.

Personally I feel this is just a disingenuous attitude. America is still relatively young compared to most other first world countries. There is a lot of work that needs to be done legally, and a lot of legal precedence that we just don't have for lawmakers to refer to. It just feels unfair to judge America (and Americans) for being behind the times when we don't have this legal precedent or history we can rely on like many first world countries. England has existed in some form or another far longer than the US, and their system of government has remained relatively consistent. Hell, English Parliament was established in 1215. So England has had far more time to work out the kinks of their governing system, and have had longer than 2 centuries to establish legal precedent for the laws they make today, yet they only passed universal healthcare 73 years ago. The US is only about 250 years old, we certainly have history (and not always good history) but not the kind of history that many other nations on Earth have, yet it seems America is subject of mockery because we haven't yet worked out all of the kinks of our governing body, or established law that prevents people like Trump from gaining power. For my best comparison it's like a king dying and leaving the succession to his 9 year old son, and then the people shit talk the son when he doesn't know the intricacies of running a kingdom and everything goes to shit.

That being said, there is a fuck ton I don't know about the world, and I am more than happy to learn and adjust this opinion as I learn more. If anybody has information on any topics I talked about I would love to get it. I'm not going to pretend that America is perfect and that we shouldn't be blamed for shit that we do or leaders we elect, I just feel that calling America and Americans out for not having a stable government or social policies like the rest of the world is disingenuous and ignores the difference in amount of history that your country and America might have, or the political environment that shaped your country at its founding.
