Again with the vagueness, it’s basic level research as you say yet you’re totally unable to do it. I understand that there’s a dog whistle for the incompetent and unintelligent where the media claims white supremacy and you blindly believe it but just like with the proud boys (your only example) when pressed you’re shocked to find out that composition of the group is not nearly as white and Antifa and that they’re lead by an African American. If an individual member wore Holocaust denial shirt that’s bad but it in no way makes the whole group a white supremacy movement. You’re just one of those people that call everything you don’t like white supremacy out of total ignorance. You probably think Candace Owens is a white supremacist too don’t you? Just like Trump said about Charlottesville there were some very bad people there, the white supremacists and new nazis should be condemned fully, but there were good people on both sides of that fight. There were bad people on both sides of that fight. Just because there were some people that were for the statue being removed that protested it, that doesn’t make them Antifa terrorists. By that same logic just because there were white supremacist there it doesn’t make them Proud boys. If you knew anything about the proud boys instead of being ignorant and believing propaganda forced upon you by a very biased media. ( that does for both sides whether it be Fox Breitbart daily wire OANN NY post and Newsmax or CNN MSNBC ABC CNBC NBC Young Turks occupy democrats huff post Washington post NY times etc. ) they were started by Gavin McGinnis a right wing provocateur developed into a bigger movement. But have never been a supremacist group like we see out of the left like the KKK and BLM.

No one is talking about the greeter at Walmart dude, stop oversimplifying things. You can’t hire private cops to arrest anyone you see fit. We have a police organization they can’t arrest people. No one is going around committing prove-able crimes and getting away with it because it was on an Reservation or any other privately owned land.  I agree it’s an issue that people can’t be arrested or detained when they commit a crime but when we allow fake cops on reservations to arrest people we also allow fake cops at Walmart or any other private business to do the same. 
I never said racism only exists against white people that’s beyond ignorant. It speaks to your underdeveloped brain to even think that. Are you a racist or are you just a kid who’s cognitive abilities haven’t fully developed? Affirmative actions effects everyone. When applying to college it disproportionately affects Asians, Indians and Jews, before whites, but the part most people especially those that have never looked into the issue (that’s you) is that no one is told whether they were allowed in due to affirmative action, so a black student who has worked their ass off to get to where they are at Harvard will never have the same since of accomplishment as that Indian student never knowing if they truly made it on their own merits or were let in based on a racist law. Furthermore for an Asian to get into medical school requires a 3.8 GPA Indians need a 3.7 whites a 3.6 Hispanics need a 3.3 and black student need only a 2.8 this puts  some black students Hispanics and whites in a class they’re not qualified to be in causing failing rates higher than that of the Indians Jews and Asians. When they fail out they’re stuck with a massive debt that can not be repaid without that high paying doctor job which pushed a cycle of poverty on them. 
Critical race theory is pure hatred it’s literally propaganda of learned hatred. Despite what group is singles out as evil or better than everyone else it causes nothing but hate and forced people to see each other as their race instead as their fellow Americans.

I’m not talking about all HBCU’s as most have allowed entry by students of all colors creeds and nationalities. I’m talking about the ones that have remained segregated in modern day America. And I don’t think that’s just racism against white people, that’s racism against Hispanics Asians middle easterners and everyone else as well.
I’m not crying about you attempting to attack me, I don’t care it just shows your inability to have a conversation. My first comment was I no way about you. I don’t even know you, you saw it and immediately knew deep down that you are the type of person my comment fits. Some angry sad little person that sees the bad in everything and can find racism in places it doesn’t even exist while ignoring and even defending real systematic racism.
By your own admission those proms happened in the 60’s in the Democrat runsegregated south? I said instances TODAY! What you’re telling me is 70 years ago there were segregated proms at schools and then they didn’t have proms but now they’re not segregated. I’m
Asking you for a single thing you find racist TODAY not 50, 60, 70 ,80, or 100 years ago

I’m not putting words in your mouth. You’re projecting your own insecurities on me with a line like that. It’s something I would expect out of someone like you though. You’re incompetent and unable to actually back up anything you say when pressed about it. I never claimed that white people have it so hard and we’re 4 years removed from a black president, we have a black Vice President currently, the “country run mostly by white people” nonsense is pathetic, played out and ignorant of reality. It speaks to
Your own absurd and disgusting racisms that you see everyone for the color of their skin and not for who they are. Its gross. If you want to be miserable and mad about everything all day. If you want to Spend your time trying to figure out reasons to be mad and pathetic that’s your choice but when you spread your day trying to spread your hate and racism on everyone else it’s disgusting. 

You really need to educate yourself on these subjects if you want to talk about them. Your come off really stupid when you say these insane things claiming racism and when someone like me comes along and says wow that’s terrible tell me about this racism so we can fight it together and all you can do is be vague and talk about things from 70+ years ago. It’s really ignorant and pathetic.
