I would say with the US, it might in part be tactical. Film and television, American made games, all soft power. I was talking about this with my Filipino friend, he notices it a lot more over there. Ireland I am really concerned about, because growing up we had very few actual Irish shows, other than the amazingly Irish Morbegs. Do you know of the Morbegs? Show it to Americans you often get "Wtf." Television, film, books and video games are amazing ways to influence young minds, and I wouldn't put it past the US to have an agenda. I know with the UK, it's mostly just a proximity thing, Ireland gets a lot of the channels from there, and because we are right here, Sky obviously sees us as a viable market for their Internet and digital television. Sometimes though I think something happened after the pro-treaty side of the Irish Civil War were backed by the UK, and won with British help. I know the tiny island of Singapore got the "will never make it alone" gaslighting, they somehow did much better than Ireland, got help developing their own independent military too. 

I don't always say what I really think at risk of sounding like a conspiracy theorist and idiots either call me a Communist or a Fascist without knowing what these things mean, but I do know Ireland is close bosom buddies with the British intelligence services, while Ireland has been criticised as lacking with our own, that's like counter terrorism stuff and espionage in other countries. We are always lacking. Always. Military laughed at as a joke, even here, people convinced to be anti-military and ignorant of our own Defence Forces, very little opportunity to join even the Reserves. Even our achievements like making amazing chocolate and animation made here(Song of the Sea) seem to be hidden gems. 

I don't know for sure what the cause of all the lacking, buried achievements and the plan for Varadkar and his ilk to celebrate the black&amp;tans British state terrorist forces in Ireland is all about. I don't know why Irish Republican dissidents are shamed for even breathing, while British loyalists here tend to avoid media attention. But something is off in Ireland, something is rotten. I don't think we are as independent as we claim. Psyops and other things must have been used to warp my people from the start because Britain didn't want a strong country right next to them...I mean it's plausible. We have often been attacked based on our being right there, right there next to Britain, a potential security risk. I mean, if I were leading a country and I saw opportunities to keep a neighbour with a history of rebellions and bad relations weaker, I would, so why wouldn't the people behind the curtain in Britain do the same to Ireland? If I were leading Ireland, and we previously dominated Britain, I would want measures taken to sabotage the development of Britain as an independent state, would bribe or blackmail politicians there to make all the wrong decisions knowing that humans are weak, and I would even be "nice" enough to defend our common airspace and downplay the need for them to develop their own proper airforce. Idk. Maybe I'm reading too much into things and Britain has never seriously infiltrated Irish politics, life, national psyche. Did you know British forces helped the pro-treaty forces destroy the anti-treaty forces though?

 A Canadian Scot once mocked Ireland as having buckled, but that was in reference to the end of the Provos campaign, and of course our Irish brand mediocrity and smol identity is mocked, openly, maliciously. That's both because people worship strength, and because they know on some level that Ireland was played. I am not an IRA member, mostly because I think their tactics won't work right now and I know long term the war is one of hearts and minds as the UK breaks apart, so war in the streets with bombs and guns is pathetic(though I sometimes wonder if the IRA groups that currently exist are actually British Psyops.) I also think the war of hearts and minds is a lost cause and we are just going to be an international hub that serves Capitalist interests under the wing of the EU for a long time to come, so my idea of creating a Gaelic identity with people living in parts of the world where the Gaelic languages have been spoken, well it's nothing more than a desperate pipe dream to keep some ember of hope lit, as we all become the globalist ass puppets of Neoliberal Capitalists. And that's all this globalism thing is about, the pro-migration stuff: it's so people can be torn from their local cultures and become part of the corrupt Capitalist system, shifted around as resources to work and make a profit. Marx thinks this is a necessary step towards the establishment of a global Communist way of life, but I think he was wrong and we are headed more in the cyberpunk selling our own bodies back to us dystopia direction and that the divide between rich and poor will only keep growing. If that makes me sound like a commie, well I hate labels but if it quacks like a duck maybe it is one. Point is I think we're all fucked together, I don't think the nations of Britain will escape, England won't escape, and I know the EU is just part of the problem which is why the far left opposed the EU despite lies that it's only the racist far right. I don't attack immigrants because I know we are in the same boat, most of us as people are chumps, and it's not the fault of individual immigrants, the problem is the root cause and the few who control this cartel of a global order. That's why I oppose Anglo-American media and propaganda, in case it seemed like I wasn't gonna finish with a point. Anglo-American media is not exactly full of support for minority cultures and anti-capitalists. 

I mean people can say: "bUt cUlTuRe dEvEloPs rEtArd", that it simply changes. Then I remember people in Hawaii sickened they are seen more as a tourist spot, that people don't know there was foul play when they "voted" to join the US and continue getting "whited out" as one American jingoist said. Bred them out he also said. Bred. I remember Puerto Rico, how the population there mostly wants to be a US State, despite how badly the US treats them, how the US pisses Anglo-American culture on them and they open their mouths. I remember what rebels there told me about not wanting to become Hawaii 2.0, how gringos and tourists are disrespectful, how the poor and destitute are offered low wages to work in Alaska. At what cost is this sometimes positive Anglo-American culture? We need ways to keep it at bay, or did need ways, it's most likely too late. A racist once told me they "gave those savages toilets and electricity", my people were called savages too, Voltaire who wrote a favourite novella of mine, Candide, called the Irish savages. I was disappointed to learn that, but his writing is good, imo, nonetheless. Just in case anyone here thinks they are talking to an idiot, I understand things change, the problem is that Ireland is this way because of mostly negative circumstances, being attacked and judged by many as savages. And we are still insulted, and laughed at by many. 

The situation here is bad, Ireland has been called a suicide box. Emigration is the norm, and then there's immigration: we apparently need to bring in more foreign people because of Britain letting Ireland starve and calling it the work of God. I don't blame the immigrants, I blame the British, and the Royal family that let it happen. I am not the type to scream at a black person or Muslim, I have seen too many Irish scumbags to judge a foreigner here for work and to survive. I will never forget what happened, and I am getting sick of Anglo-American culture though I grew up with it. I am not the only one who thinks something is wrong with the world, look up what experts say about civilization collapsing, apparently it just may be soon. Maybe that's why some rich assholes want to flee to Mars after getting random assholes to build habitats there as "pioneers." Pioneers my ass, they're being used like canaries in one way, but a labour force in another way. My bad on this essay, but hopefully this sums up my outlook on things, as cynical and bleak as it may appear.
