Deep Thoughts, by johnnyzippo

Only play while teamed up with 3, request one of your teammates to drive cruiser so they can screen and skirmish with DD’s, and stick together. “Timing” the 20 second rule, you should be changing direction and speed always, combine this constant change in course, direction and speed with a vigilant watch of mini-map, by default you will be hard to torp. It’s all about playing to the fundamentals of the ship and the map, this leads me to mention something , and do not think I am assuming that you are doing this, but many, many BB drivers do, that is “POV Zoom Sailing” ie forcing the issue of wanting to play the game as a 1st person shooter, again , not saying you are doing this , however, if you are , stop doing this and your game will immediately improve. Note: highly skilled players can get away with this, and I am sure there are a few that play this way and are successful, that being said for new to newer players it’s like this , (Pick a target, click zoom, fine tune your lead and hold off, fire, click , un-zoom, look around 360 deg. , check mini-map, if you have no immediate threats in your secondaries range, or incoming torps to dodge, once you determine this, then if you must , quickly zoom back in on your salvos flight path to check your aim.)Soooo many bb drivers watch there salvos fly to target, and at Tier X ranges , this equates to being situationally unaware, and situational awareness is key. I would also like to point out that once you know how to aim , be confident in this fact , if a long range salvo is a miss, this is most likely due to just simply misreading the targets speed and course changes, and watching the salvo all the way to target will neither make it hit or   make you better at aiming, being that you have no control over the targets speed and heading, now checking back on the salvo in zoom is a good way to get a feel for how that particular target is handling in general so you can adjust the next salvo accordingly. Finally, avoid target fixation , and do take part in focus firing on everything that moves. Also , watch YeahBouy’s dodge torps like a BOSS YouTube video and I think there is a video specifically on “Torpedo Baiting” of course , this goes back to the 20 second rule , situational awareness , ie not watching the battle through the zoom hole.  My entire game is Battleships and Cruisers, that is all I sail, and I remember feeling the exact same way your feeling , but over time and several thousand battles, I had my “Ahhah”! Moment , it’s the moment that all of your experience both bad and good come together and you gain this sense and feel for the game that is automatic, as in , you will be dodging stealth fired torp spreads without even first sighting them, and the moment you experience that synergy, from then on other than the number of trophies awarded Tier X won’t feel much different than Tier VI. Good luck out there , keep on grinding , you will get better with every battle, just so long as you are breaking bad habits , old habits and learning new and improved habits .
