Holy fuck, I hadn't heard about that. I knew they forced Caster Semenya to get a sex verification test, but I didn't realize they then made a rule change. Such fucking bullshit.

Just looked up the whole case. Here's what's happened for those who are unaware and interested:

Caster Semenya is a cis woman who was assigned female at birth and has always presented as female. She was so amazing at running that the World Athletics (then called the IAAF) regulations forced a sex verification test on her. They were never officially published, but there are unverified claims that they discovered she's intersex (later confirmed during Semenya's court case). She was cleared to continue competing and allowed to keep the medals that were in question.

In 2011 the IAAF issued new rules regarding transwomen athletes, along with policies regarding women who had certain conditions, that included XY disorders of sexual development (aka intersex) and XX disorders such as PCOS. No one with these disorders would be allowed to compete if their testosterone was above 10 nmol/L.

Got to be honest, I was completely shocked to learn that PCOS, an extremely common hormonal condition in women, was on the list.

In 2018 the regulations were revised. Conditions such as PCOS were removed from the list, but the eligible testosterone level was reduced from 10 nmol/L to 5 nmol/L, meaning Semenya was now affected. 

These changes were made after a study found that there was no correlation between endogenous testosterone level (naturally occurring testosterone, as opposed to "doping") and sport performance in women in most events. However, there are exceptions. There was a correlation in the 400m, 400m hurdles, 800m, hammer, and pole vault. 

But the revised regulations only included the 400m, 800m, and 1500m (the last which wasn't even on the aforementioned list) leading to speculation that the rule changes were specifically made to target Semenya, since she competed in the 800m. 

As I said before, absolute bullshit.
