Subaru is a character with very obvious flaws and weaknesses. A trait that makes characters actually believable and realistic. Rather than just having a character that is either extremely overpowered, extremely smart, supremely gifted, etc. Subaru has absolutely nothing, aside from a curse that can or cannot be considered good for him. He didn't change at all when making the transition from his world to Luginica. All it really did was make him excited because like you said, he had given up on his world. His personality was the exact same as before and that was made very clear. The only difference was that he was naive and ignorant of his situation.

And in regards to his character growth. There is hardly a better progression anywhere than with Subaru. It's slow and realistic, he starts out weak and unknowing. Selfish, needy, and clings to ideologies that test his very being. The problems he faces in his series are all tests of virtues. The first testing Pride vs Humility, where he goes with the latter and gets help from others (Reinhard) to solve his problem. A latter being Wrath vs Patience. He chooses to kill himself by backflipping of a cliff, because he wants to figure out what went wrong and how to save his friends. When he was completely in the right, innocent, and should of run away.

He constantly overcomes these situations, and steadily progresses into a person actually worth respect. His desires are replaced with purpose, his skills are honed and he obtains new abilities. He learns from his mistakes and doesn't just waste his lives like he used to. People that went from absolutely hating him before, admire him because of his accomplishments and actions.

Basically, he is a breath of fresh air for an isekai protagonist. At least if you don't mind the cringe along the way. It's like watching your child grow up into an adult basically. And the reason I think most people hate Subaru. Is because people always try to project themselves onto the main character in anime. And Subaru is *really* not someone you want to project onto. As for other characters: I didn't say they were all good. Rem in particular I actually hate~ But I could go on and on about others.
