I have made no claim whether you have been raped or not. Why would I? It is you whom bring up rape in various contexts and does so in poor taste. For no damn reason if I may add.

Most victims of rape are male? Though I acknowledge rape of males likely is vastly under reported it is not the case that males are disproportionate victims of rape. That is not [true.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_by_gender) Why would you even bring up something so easily disproven? Even the whole notion of bringing rape into the discourse is nonsensical.

I am all for shutting down the economy, when necessary, during a pandemic. Damn right I am which any reasonable person would be when arguing from an informed position. A position which also includes compensation for workers and owners of the means of production when society, aka the state, forcefully dictate hibernation of private business'. Simple common sense.

I feel for you if you think the absence of consent makes rape and shutdowns comparable to any great length. If any. Through such a position any situation directly involving any enforcement of a law, rule or regulation you do not explicitly consent to as infringement on your opinions, positions and on occasion rights. You are essentially arguing a zero position of the Hobbesian state of nature.

Further it can be argued you hold the position, by inference, that any aspect of the social contract derived before your age of competence, typically at the age of eighteen, is enforced upon you as you had no say, typically elections, in its introduction and implementation. That would of course include vast tranches of law up to and including the Constitution. The position in the above two paragraphs are unrealistically untenable in good old reality.

 To argue for government shutdown within the non-aggression principle since you see consent as a pillar of inter-people and people to societal interaction is not all that challenging. 

Business' directly or indirectly place workers on the one hand in a credible risk to life and liberty when they have to work in a pandemic. If the state does not provide economic relief it is easy to argue and imagine that there are workers, owners of means of production as well, at their place of work under duress. Reality forces you to the table and walking away is not a credible option.

Similar arguments would be easy to make when leaving the abomination that people are rational actors. Humans are not consistent rational beings and thus can willfully or ignorantly, directly and indirectly, place others in harm. In other words they break the NAP and an impartial mechanism, or set of mechanisms, such as a law becomes a necessity. This argument is again simple to make for rational implementations of policy on the issue of shutdowns during extraordinary times of a pandemic.

It would be easy to find examples of both wilful and ignorant, of their covid-19 status, individuals getting themselves in situations where they either cause harm or is s serious risk of causing a third party harm. How do you as a business owner negate that credible threat to your charges, workers, customers and other third parties present on premises, and ensure a risk averse environment? You cannot self regulate, even if we assumed you act rationally as a risk averse, in the cause no harm sense, actor as you credibly cannot address the imperfect information position you hold.

You put words in my mouth. Where have I made the claim nobody is able or entitied, to the extent that is possible, to hatred? I have not at all made such claims. You made the claim so find the proof in my posts; you cannot because it is not there. I made the justified claim too many use strong words such as hate when other less strong words such as dislike etc. likely reflect their view better. That is a second count of misrepresentation.

Bootlicker? I have made no claims to being libertarian, never have never will for obvious political philosophical reasons, so stop making shit up. You look the fool; consistently so if I may add. That was the third misrepresentation.

The fourth is that you are incapable of understanding the role of a quote. It is a good but harsh comment on the role of the individual in a polity's plight. Your business is unfortunate for you, workers etc. but for society it is an insignificant statistic; one among the many. Harsh but no less true.

To bring up Stalin as if invoking the only thing people are likely to be able to quote him for makes one a Stalinist/Communist would be hilarious if it was not so sad. I suspect you make similar claims for anyone to the left of your political position. A modern fucking Greek tragedy. At least make an effort. You provide so much low hanging fruit. 

N+1 more rounds is ok for me.
