First off, I strongly disagree with the author of the article.As mentioned, there is the option of using LNG Terminals but possible suppliers of LNG gas aren't many and of those, most have a rather questionable human rights record as well (don't get me wrong, I do believe that russia could do way better in terms of human rights :))

By amount exported:

1. Qatar: ...
2. Australia: transporting gas around the world in heavy crude oil spilling vessels doesn't sound green to me (+ Australia tends to be on the denying side of climate change)
3. USA: fraking gas and sending it over the ocean, an option, but far from green and ignorant of the longterm destruction on nature
4. Russia: ...

In the end, Norway is the main European supplier but can't handle the needs of all of Europe.I just do not think there would be any sense in stopping such a project at this point in time. If you want to put pressure on russia, build the pipeline and don't buy gas, but stopping a nearly completed pipeline because of daily changing political alliances does not seem practical at all (and we germans favour practicality ;)).

Looking at the "Energiewende", I do hope that we might be able to proceed faster than expected and are able to stop using gas as soon as possible, but after an interesting discussion with an electrical engineer friend of mine, I think this will take some time and we will need an reliable partner with gas. Russia kept there promises concerning gas and the only times they didn't were because of a bunch of corrupt Ukrainians, who stole more than expected and that's more of a pro for NS2.

To conclude: I do hope for a democratic change in russia (partly because a democracy needs new leaders every now and than, but who am I as a German to judge, Mutti Merkel...)  hopefully done by more pro European people but that's their intern affairs. As a trade partner and reliable gas supplier, russia is and will be essential in the near future and I personally think of it rather as a chance for us, to share our culture und worldview with them to assist the democratic process, than a threat. They need buyers and we need suppliers, the promise of the European Union is peace through trade... we should try to keep it.

disclaimer: I, as a German, are probably one-sided but I tried my best to explain my reasons. Please feel free to discuss, I'm looking forward to it.
