Hasn't the internet developed its own dialect of grammar to convey tone and purpose through different grammatical structures that aren't considered 'proper' in writing but can get a bunch more information across in less words?


Example:


no    ="No," she said plainly. 


Or...


NO!    = "No!" he shouted across the room. 


There's also the use of periods to consider where in a written language it is difficult to trailing words without adding extra letters to them. 


Example: 


Or...   Vs orrrrr


The first one implies the word is more drawn out without putting in extra letters, as well as looking neater and doesn't require knowledge that adding extra letters does not always make a new word (for those whose native language is not English). 



There are rules and structures that are commonly agreed upon by internet users to make vocal tone and intention of the comment easier to convey, even if not everyone knows that they know the meaning or is aware that there are differences. Of course on the internet you can ask and receive a timely answer. 


But that is also true in spoken conversation, not everyone is capable of picking out vocal tone or facial expressions to tell exactly what is being said. And we don't make accomdations for them either. 


But in real life if you ask you get looked at weirdly and told 'you should know this!' even if you really really have no clue whether someone was being serious or sarcastic and when you guess wrong they make weird noises and look at you like you've grown a third head. 


Also a lot of people use mobile and unaware of how to format it to not be a giant text wall


And if a word is spelled differently than normal then it has its own meaning in that spelling


Example: 


Smol     vs small


One implies cuteness with a diminutive size, the other is just saying 'this object is not very big'


There is grammar for the internet for ease of communication because it's more difficult to tell what is meant in written word and not all of that grammar is according to mla or apa format.
