I get what mistweave is saying but at the same time I gotta tell mistweave, who I mostly agree with, that the emotional tone you take scares ppl away from being interested in what you have to say, so the end result is probably a waste of time. 

I mean, I'm Uyghur, and I just want to say that not even Al jezerra is on our side. This is a super complicated political discussion I doubt anybody will care about here.  

"The old way of life is only presented as desirable as in bucolic and natural by some people in our group who speak and reach out to western journalists with their OWN AGENDA"

I'm not going to do a deep dive bc I think this forum is for studyn' them heirglyphics oops I mean Chinese characters 😇 (which is rewarding but painstakingly inefficient)

So I'll just summarize my opinions,

1)The west sees china as a threat (largely racialized) Also, it's getting harder to achieve the american dream, and the middle and lower class are upset. 

2) this makes rich Americans scared of those below them: protests revolts etc

3)This decreased competition of the west is bc of crap STEM training, crap policy, we have a crapload of useless college majors and policy whose only motive is to keep the politicians relected each cycle. 

4) it is easier for the west to blame china than to fix things. This also soothes the middle class from revolting. 

5) doing the above keeps the populace satisfied and ignorant that the real reason is poor american educational focus and the concentration of 50 percent of USA wealth in top 1 percent of households. These ppl hide their money in layers of trusts and behind gated homes in new england, etc. 
"You can't blame china for the way the pie in America is cut"
- pie being us wealth distribution. 
6) shit talk china
7) find other countries/areas that also hate china due to personal reasons to join in on the shit talk (HK Taiwan, etc)
8) go look for said shit talk in china.
9) most of the happy ppl r too busy with life to connect with western journalists.
10) (in my opinion) inbred southern emotionally unstable Uyghur Radicalized Islamic separatists only out for themselves on a power trip that are mad bc they can't hack it economically bc they are incompetent and unable to get women , they want to separate and create a jihaditist state to oppress women, honor kill, no education for women, keep old poor way of life, did multiple knife attacks all over china, they want to be the rulers and have power. Some are staunch believers in radical islam, some just wanna be a ruler of a kingdom one day. -----&gt;these people go out of their way to seek out western journalists.
11) they exaggerate stuff to make china look bad. China does not treat terrorists and separatists well. 

12) Separatists are locked up as criminals in jails and treated very poorly. Separatists family members are put into camps that are basically just low cost boarding school. Not random .moderate or secular uyghurs. Just the families of Separatists. Keep in mind Chinese architecture sucks balls so everything looks like a jail 
even regular middle schools in coastal areas can look like jails. Theyy get free meals and sports teams.  Their relatives however are mad their separatist younger brother is locked up in a real jail and makes up and exaggerates to western media.

13) western media eats it up 
14) a narrative starts goin' and Taiwan/Hong Kong for example the epoch times pays too, to seek out upset radical uygurs for their stories. 
15) repeat 15 x.
16) west hates china, boils down to hate asian sometimes, anti asian sentiment in america.
17) west pulls investments from Xinjiang.
18) xinjiang moderate and secular Uyghurs suffer
19) china is too busy on this Public relations attack to focus on investing in xinjiang
20) xinjiang industry suffers even more
21) regular uygurs loose out. ALOT
22) west gets what they want, to create a public enemy aka China, to divert from attacking rich wealthy Americans...remember the movement of hating the top 2 percent a few years ago? 
23) radical uygurs see an economically suffering region and try to establish control the way cartels in Mexico do (fund schools and roads, In exchange the  cartel rules the land and law is useless)
24) so much PR internationally that china releases grasp on Muslim terrorists and now they can help take over an imporverished region
25) instead if the previous 300-500 ISIS members in xinjiang, now there is WAY more. 
26) the west gets a scapegoat and xinjiang goes back to 1850 with women being uneducated and used for breeding. Population expands, terrorism strengthens ties with surrounding terrorist groups in hoes of a global jihad type of thing.
27) Regular uygurs either go back to living like rural peasants without modern healthcare OR cling to radical muslim cartels for resources.
