What you seem to really have a problem with is when a woman cuts through men’s bullshit and gives advice on doing so, esp when it effects whether or not newer SBs fall for these manipulative tactics as well. Not all men rape you in an alleyway either, does that mean women should walk home alone at 2am totally unprotected and unaware of their surroundings?

And again, are some men asking b/c they’re concerned about pregnancy scares — sure. And again, as I’ve mentioned *in my post &amp; in comments*, they’ll want to talk about it more if that’s one of their legitimate concerns. But do an overwhelming amount of men conflate birth control with whether or not they need to wear condoms, and the answer is _overwhelmingly yes and this has been both my &amp; other women’s experiences and you can see that in the responses from other sbs in this thread alone._

You like to conveniently claim that this is simply anecdotal when it’s not. It is in in fact something women experience very frequently from the time they become sexually active. Sexual coercion, from having sex before you’re ready, to testing your boundaries, to trying to emotionally manipulate you or circumvent your boundaries around protection, are very much real. 

And simply b/c I have only been in the bowl for a few months does not mean I do not have experience with men or with dating. Truthfully, the biggest difference is that the bowl moves faster, it’s more honest to an extent, &amp; people are more clear about their needs and expectations. Other than that, the very beginning is not too different, esp when screening for red flags and shitty behavior. 

But sure, let’s hope young new SBs who are often more prone to manipulation listen to SDs who quickly get offended by any post criticizing men &amp; advocating for women &amp; who have incentive to mislead SBs, rather than listening to other women. That 100% makes perfect sense here. Like you are legit arguing against a woman clearly stating she wants condoms, *which is a form of birth control so it’s not even inaccurate*, because you don’t like... the approach? Because she’s not being polite &amp; apologetic enough when she does it? Because she’s not disclosing she’s on a second birth control method? Because you don’t appreciate that the opportunity to manipulate her has been shut down before you even have the chance? Because that’s what it seems like bruh. You literally have zero experience on the woman’s end and while, boohoo you deal with scammers who are trying to take your money, some of which are actually men w/fake profiles, women have to deal w/a type of scammer who will quite literally put our health &amp; safety &amp; lives at risk if we put our guards down. You dealing w/girls trying to get you to subscribe to their onlyfans is not in anyway the same as protecting my health &amp; safety, and if this wasn’t a _constant_ pattern that I have run up against time &amp; again, I wouldn’t post about it.
