an excerpt from Stanislaw Lem's "Summa Technologiae   
 

"By metaphysical information, we understand a kind of information that is not subject to empirical verification---either because such verification is impossible (we cannot verify empirically the existence of purgatory or nirvana) or because such information by its very nature defies the criteria of experimental verification (i.e. in everyday understanding, religious truths cannot or should not be verified empirically). 

If this is the case, then the phrase "experimental metaphysics" seems to be a contradiction in terms, because how can we analyze something by means of an experiment if it, by definition, does not yield itself to experimentation and is impossible to be judged on its basis. 

It is only an apparent contradiction, as the task we have placed before ourselves is relatively modest. Science cannot say anything about the existence or nonexistence of transcendent phenomena. It can only examine or create conditions in which *belief* in such phenomena manifest itself---and this is what we shall be discussing.

The emergence of metaphysical belief within the homeostat is a state in which any further changes to its input, no matter how contrary to the produced model of the existential situation, are unable to disturb it any more. Prayers may remain unheard, reincarnation may be abolished on the basis of an internal logical contradiction, religious writings may contain some obvious untruths (in an empirical sense), yet such facts do not really shake belief as such. Of course, a theologian will say that if someone has lost his faith on encountering those facts, he only had "weak" or "small" faith in the first place, because true faith means that nothing---that is, no future "inputs"---will be able to abolish it. In practice, a form of selection often takes place. A metaphysical system is never truly consistent. Desperately trying to confirm it with empirical facts leads to a situation in which the kinds of inputs that seem to confirm the validity of the belief are accepted as its additional verification (someone is praying for someone else to be cured, and then this other person gets better; during the drought, a sacrifice is being made, and this it start to rain). At the same time, the inputs that remain in contradiction with the belief are ignored or "explained away" with the help of an extensive arsenal of arguments that the metaphysical system has created in the course of its historical development. 

Significantly, empirical verifiability is the only necessary and required characteristic of scientific propositions that differentiates them from metaphysical ones, yet the nature of the proposition is not determined by the presence of unverified information within it. Thus, for example, unified field theory, which Einstein developed toward the end of his life, does not bear any consequences that could be tested by means of an experiment. The information contained within the field theory has not therefore been verified, yet it is not metaphysical , since its (so far unknown) consequences will be subject to an experiment, as long as we manage to draw such consequences from the formula. The information contained in Einstein's formula is therefore to some extent "suspended," "latent," or awaiting an opportunity to be verified. The formula itself needs to be seen as an *attempt* to present a general law about material phenomena, an attempt whose truth or falsity we have not yet manage to determine. Of course, there is a difference between expressing a conviction when making such an attempt about the possible behavior of matter and *believing* that it certainly behaves in this way. A scientist's proposition may be the product of a flash of intuition, and its validation with facts can be rather weak at the moment of its formulation. What is decisive, however, is the scientist's *willingness* to subject this proposition to empirical verification. And thus it is not the amount of information in his possession but rather the attitude or stance toward it that differentiates  the scientist from the metaphysician." 

I've touched upon these ideas in the past but since reading Lem he helped me get a lot of them in focus. The feeling mentioned by OP that you get when you meet someone who is religious differs for me. I know and work with a lot of Christians...the difference being that the less outspoken ones or those receptive to criticism or acknowledging of the many hypocrisies the faith they have chosen entails are easier people for me to both get along with and be friends with. I've used the teapot argument many times mentioned later in this thread to some degree of success, not to say I'm out seeking to add to a flock but merely as a means of standing my ground in the midst of the usual flurry of questions you get when you finally let them know what you really think. "but what do you believe?" "what will happen when you die?" The attitude Lem mentions at the end of the excerpt is kind of been my instinctive guide post in dealing with religious people, if they're willing to listen, as open minded as they can be under the circumstances, or just accepting it contributes to an atmosphere of mutual "misunderstanding" I don't think less of them for what they think or choose to believe because in hindsight I can't claim to not be in the wrong also. For those who will listen I have found are actually quite a bit closer to agnosticism than they are willing to realize but societal pressures placed on them since childhood often lend to a need to belong and be seen as a part of this group or flock so to say. It's the zealots that deter me, either through malicious means or the pure, unequivocal choice to remain blind and ignorant; that end friendships on learning of an opposing view or manipulate the minds of children or developing teens so as to groom them to give continuity to that zealotry. The use of these beliefs for financial gain and things of that nature all I find abhorrent. Not to say the scientific community is exempt from the same scrutiny as there are ample examples of those who in no way follow the pure example of the empirical pursuit of knowledge as laid out by Lem. It's critical thinking skills, a checked emotional response, both the *attitude* and *willingness* to learn and move beyond your current state that marks a good person (good being relative here and a different discussion) but hopefully you know what I mean.
