&gt;You tell me what harm can come of it, and then you can get back to me.

The continual perpetuation that such things are okay. 

Take this season's Mushoku Tensei. It's a pretty solid show for the most part, and I would love it were it not for the fact that the MC is a fucking degenerate. And I don't mean like, he's kinda pervy. He straight up copped a feel on a child to see her boob size then tried to take her panties off while she slept. This is a guy that got reincarnated as a newborn kid and is physically growing into a man. However, he still has the mind of a 40 year old dude. That is deplorable. And it's not even like in the show they ever try to make him feel shameful about it. It's just like, "yeah this dude is a massive perv. This is the protagonist. Enjoy". 

Now is this on the same par as the what goes on in Shield hero? No. Shield Hero is nowhere near as bad, but there's still a group of people that think the two should he a thing. Hell, the author in the WN and later the LN wants the same thing. 

&gt; I think we can all agree that Grogu(baby yoda) is still a child despite being hundreds of years old.

So I can only speak on what I know about Lil Greenie cuz I've only seen season 1. Yes. He's child. He acts like a child. When in that show or in the fandom has anyone tried to sexualize him or ship him with another character? No one has, cuz Lil Greenie looks and acts like a child.

Raphtalia looks like an adult, but in many ways acts like a child. You can say the whole "kissing = pregnancy" line was for laughs. It totally was. But it also establishes Raphtalia as being extremely innocent and unaware of more mature subjects.

&gt;She's well aware of how babies are made in the LN.

This doesn't matter in the slightest. You and I both know most people that watched Shield Hero probably haven't read the LN. They are two stand alone versions. One might portray Raphtalia as being more mature, but the other doesn't. The anime is what everyone sees and tends to talk about, so the anime is what matters in this discussion. 

And as for this...

&gt;And that's not really true. Fantasy races are created through imagination. Perhaps inspiration at times can come from a different culture or society, but that's definitely not always the case.

Name one time a humanoid race in sci-fi or fantasy doesn't use human sapience as its template
