&gt;I assume this section is mostly sarcastic but it's very difficult to understand what you're trying to say. Most of the parts that don't seem sarcastic are guessing. I'm not going to spend any time responding to guesses.

Then you quote someone without attribution, which is plagiarism. Either that or you suddenly and temporarily got better grammar and vocabulary and should go see a doctor about your Flowers for Algernon experience.


if it is difficult for you to distinguish sarcasm from a normal presentation, then I sincerely feel sorry for you and your friends (if you have them, since it is probably difficult for them to communicate with you)


If I quote someone is it plagiarism?  I did not understand you. Haha very funny,go to ur local stend up club. Clown is your profession 💪🤡.


&gt;The exchange rate is not purchasing power parity, let alone a comparison of what the quality of life difference would be. This is understood by literally anyone that's ever read anything about the topic. I assume you are young and ignorant of the basic information of this topic.

But just to head off the rest of this section: ignorantly going on at length about life in the USSR being bad addresses the fact that liberalization created a sudden and lasting decrease in quality of life.



Again and again "liberalisation", should i give you a fucking Wikipedia link so you finally understand the meaning of the word you muffin head? At least it is not "CapiTalIsm", now its liberalisation 👍. You wont understand this joke so dont pay attention to it.


We went far apart from the question. 

  Soviet citizens were extremely poor comparing to other countries citizens, during ALL of the USSR history,but how could they felt it in the close  economy system? 

&gt;This doesn't make any sense in English and I don't know what you're referring to. If you want to be understood, stop numbering your ideas and use quotes.


I meant,that I need to throw links and videos to you to explain obvious facts.


&gt;Is this a question?
 
Are you retard? U said "where did i said about "DefEnse oF uSsR"?" Or smth, i answered.

&gt;Not sure why you think anyone should care about this.

You are acting like a "flat earther theory follower". -But this is obvious fact!
-why should i care about it? Dummy?


&gt;Cool more pointless anecdotes. Now ask your grandmother how things went from 1990 to 2000. Ask her how easy it was to get healthcare, get and keep a job, find housing.


It was pretty easy,she bought a small shop for few thousands and started selling meat products.



&gt;They don't. A majority believe the times were better, with an overwhelming number of those who were adults under it saying so. I already told you that they want multi-party democracy and the economic state and national power of those times.


Haahahaahah,oh my god ahahahha. Srsly? Majority? "I don't believe in your facts so pls believe in my nonsense",thats how it works? Hahaha. Okay,haha,okay even,even if Russians want to come back to the "good old" days,i dont think that other nations would like to. Maybe some Kirhizstan and some DPR and LPR will,but no more. 


&gt;I'm not. You're just very bad at this. You're still making stupid guesses, by the way.

You seem to think that I'm spending a lot of effort or time on you or others. I'm not. These replies take a few seconds or maybe two minutes.


If i am very BAD at this then you must be super very bad or something xD. 

I did spend a lot of effort,i spend like half a hour on a previous reply. Cheking, texting to my friends, rechecking your facts , just for my words more wage in this argument. 

&gt;These replies take a few seconds or maybe two minutes.

Oh i see,thats why they looks like some retarded nonsense. Oh no, i guess im crying,again 😭😭😭✊♂️



&gt;Good things are those that exist for a long time? Ukraine has traditionally been split and ruled by other powers. Presumably you will enthusiastically agree that Ukraine should be balkanized and annexed by Russia, Poland, and Turkey.

Imagine having such poor morals that you believe longevity makes a system good and the actual governance and lives of people don't matter.




... You twisted my words like your mom twisted on your neighbor dick. No comments...


&gt;Liberalization is a catastrophe for those suffering under it as their services are privatized for pennies and become unavailable for large swaths of people that are then left to suffer. As I already mentioned, this happened repeatedly in Warsaw Pact countries after color revolutions, not just when the USSR dissolved.

It takes at least decades for a few economic numbers to recover, though these still do not include basic information like access and price of housing, healthcare, homelessness, etc.



This is fault of governments of countries in which "LibIlArIzatIoan" took part. his is a mistake of the authorities of those countries where liberalization took place.  Well, yes, you can't put water in a pan with holes.  Conditions absolutely not suitable.  And fuck liberalization is not war


&gt;You're only exposing that you think this is difficult and takes a lot of time, lol.

I understand already ,that for you ,instead of spending more then 2 minutes and check few facts, you will crying about ghostly liberalisation.


&gt;If you don't have twenty minutes a day, tops, to do such things it's very funny that you're lecturing me about how great your economic system is.


Watching interesting videos and series, cooking, cleaning up, outside walking with friends and tons more interesting and useful thing that i could fit in 20 minutes.  


Would you like to tell me your job?
