Are you asking this because you *genuinely* don't know the answer?  Because if you are truly ignorant here, then you are an even bigger idiot than I initially took you for.

Virgil wrote over two thousand years ago.  Willy over 400 years ago.  What, have you never had a history class in your entire life?  I don't know what life was like for the English department, but in History, professors tell the little freshmen kids that you don't judge historical figures by modern standards.  So there ya go: a superior grasp on how to judge historical figures from me to you. You're welcome.

I have never read *Michael Kohlhaas*.  So I do not know first hand how close *Ragtime* came to it.  Was it as close as saying something like this?: *"There are a lot of a creatures called "Trolls" in many myths I like.  They are strong, large, huminoid in shape, discolored, glutinous, violent, and evil.  I think I'll use them as inspiration for a brand new character my forthcoming book.  These characters will be strong, large, huminoid in shape, discolored, glutinous, violent, and evil. Now all I need is a name...WAIT, IVE GOT IT! I'll call them..."TROLLS!"*

Because if they character of Coalhouse Walker Jr. and the events that radicalize him in *Ragtime* were THAT close to the German novella *Michael Kohlhaas*, then call the cops, cuz you've got a robbery on your hands.

So...

While you're recovering from all your laughter, you can use that time to reflect on how badly you fucking embarrassed yourself by crediting Tolkein with crafting THE "English mythos".  That was incredibly fucking stupid and ignorant of you.  However, if you'd like to amend your stupidity, I will graciously permit you to do so.  I suggest calling his work an example of "Germanic and Scandinavian Mythos", since that's, you know, *what it actually is*.  Note that this will require getting over your massive ego to admit fault, a process you could commit to page and call the Great Reddit Mythos.

It COULD have been an English Mythos.  But then good ol' Tolk would have had to make something original, and absolutely NOTHING in his entire catalog suggests he's capable of that.

Again: you're welcome.
