&gt;no he is not,he wins a lot,but he doesn't GAIN a lot

Are you his accountant?

Most public entertainers don't regularly do things for their audience for free - let alone do things for free that cost THEMSELVES money - and it's even less likely that such a person would suddenly decide to do so after getting multiple sponsorships, partnerships, Youtube monetization, products to advertise, merch sales, and hundreds of thousands of free dollars from his fans. Yes, we're all speculating what kind of money James might happen to make, but it's ludicrous and ignorant of the available evidence to suggest that he's somehow financially struggling. The man didn't even pay for his kid's surgery, the low-income assistance Shriners' hospital did - even after he'd made a movie, bought a new house, still had his monetized channel, and apparently already made his deal with Screenwave.

You can still enjoy James and his content and want to root for him. That's fine, it's your right and no one can make you stop. That's your own decision. You can also wish that people didn't mock James, or that we were less "delusional" (an ironic statement) and more "civilized". That's your prerogative. But the fact is, a lot of people don't like James and are deeply disappointed with him - the more they learn, they more disappointed with him they become. That's what happens when people are let down by the negative and / or questionable behavior of someone they used to like, someone whose entire lifestyle they helped to pay for.

As for discussion, we're having one right now. I'm perfectly content to discuss things in what I consider to be a calm and fair manner. There are others here who are the same way. Look around for a while and I'm sure you'll find them, strike up a conversation with some. Or make your own posts asking legitimate questions about why they dislike James or why you feel they prevent you from having more civilized discussions. I don't really know why you're here if you think that the negativity towards James is unfounded, but not everyone here hates him like you seem to think we do.

As for why I'm here, I think I answered the question already. But to address it specifically: If I don't watch Cinemassacre then why am I here? Because I don't need to continue watching something I've lost interest in to know that it sucks any more than I need to stick my hand in a fire to know that it would hurt.
