One, blaming ethnic cleansings on the "capitalist status quo" is a major cap in it itself. I'm guessing the Khmer Rouge was part of that hmm?

I'm not quite sure which ethnic cleansings or mass murders you refer to but by my recollection of history, it was probably in Africa or within the Vietnam War? I would agree that Vietnam should've never happened, at least not to the extent it actually did. Frankly, the US should've compelled the Southern Vietnamese to actually hold democratic elections and take care of their people in exchange for support and maybe it wouldn't have gotten so messy. As for Truman Doctrine, are you going to claim its application, especially in areas such as Korea, was not justified? Or was the unprovoked attack by the DPRK reasonable under the circumstances.

Domino theory was the only way to contain communism. I wish it also came with the stipulation that the countries that were being protected had to hold free and fair elections, but it appears the US didn't have the balls, or the political power, for that reality. 

Regardless, painting the Soviets as some sort of victim in this endeavor is laughable and ignorant of history. The Soviets were politically dominating the Eastern side of Europe. They also provoked conflict on a similar scale as the US and their NATO allies. They attempted to force the hand of the allies at every turn. The Berlin Airlift, the Korean War (by proxy), the Chinese Civil war (By Proxy again), and all throughout Southeast Asia. This game was mutual. The announcement of the Truman Doctrine wasn't the kickoff for the Cold War and saying so paints the entire thing squarely as a fault of the West. 

Stalin was a brutal man and an even more brutal politician. Truman Doctrine was only declared as a result of the Soviet's strengthening position throughout the world. The West used containment and economic means to ensure that a tragedy the size of the Second World War never befell the world again.

To visualize just how many lives Truman Doctrine, the West's form of combatting communism through economic and (mostly, I don't know every conflict and I'm sure some idiot started some at some point) means, here is a video that drastically helps visualize the whole thing:

https://youtu.be/DwKPFT-RioU

Take note of the large body count within the 50's and remember the Chinese civil war was still taking place. The spike in interstate conflicts spikes during the Vietnam war. Yet still, it pales in comparison to the death tole found within World War 2. Had the world been plunged into a operation unthinkable situation, the casualties would have been most likely higher than even that. 

Communism as a system was and is a failure. Letting it die results in the best outcome possible with the least spilling of blood. Ideology is a bloody game and I believe the West played their hand the best they possibly could given the circumstances.
