Well I still do think that procreation is a selfish act because you were fulfilling your own desire when trying to bring about a new sentient being. I don't think the selfishness argument is good, but I don't think all the premises are wrong. The sentient being themselves never desired to be born prior, because they didn't exist. In your second paragraph, I think this is often a critique of consequentialism and utilitarianism in particular which seems to be a bit misguided. Consequentialists care about the expected consequences, not the actual ones. The expected consequence of giving a suprise present such as a dog isn't that they'd bite the owner, and so we'd multiply the probability of the event with the amount of utility lost, and now much less utility has been subtracted. This is under classical utilitarianism anyway. My view isn't exactly the same, but I think it can still account for situations like these. Another thing is that the person who gave the gift would be at fault for not taking the necessary precautions. Also, if the person keeps on giving these dangerous gifts despite them having good intentions, we would ask them to stop giving gifts and hold them at fault despite them not intending for any of the bad things to happen.

Another thing to take into account is that if someone procreates with good intentions in bad circumstances such as in personal economic trouble, we hold those people accountable despite them having good intentions. Why? Because they were negligent and ignorant of the expected consequences. So at what point is the chance for a positive outcome high enough and at what point is it low enough? It seems somewhat arbitrary. For the button thought experiment, could I press it when there's a 49% chance of it failing? 40%? 35%? I think extreme suffering is also a tad bit higher than the five percent in the original thought experiment.

We should hold people accountable, and while we can blame people for intent, it's not that the intent is inherently bad, it's because people with bad intentions can cause more suffering.
