The afternoon sun hung high in the sky above the Order of Heroes’ keep. Below it, the people and heroes happily celebrated the day of devotion with one another. Vendors happily called out their wares to people walking by, couples and families walked happily with one another, and some sat back and watched it all happen. 

Eir watched the town from high above through a window in the Order’s keep. The Day of Devotion intrigued her. Due to Hel’s machinations she only had false and fleeting memories of what it was like to spend all day with her family. Her mother’s gentle smile and her father’s kind touch, she smiled softly as she remembered them, basking in the youth of her childhood. 

She closed her eyes as she remembered bringing a small flower to show her mother. A child’s innocence and desire to please her parents. She was so innocent then, so happy and unaware of everything, but for that moment it was fine. Blissfully she ran up to her mother to show her the orchid, and when her mother turned around, she saw Hel’s face. 

The sight caused her eyes to snap open as she brought a dagger to her wrist in an instant. She felt her pulse quicken and for a moment she feared Hel was there. Thankfully the corridor was clear, she was the only one there. She sighed, returning Lyfja to her sleeve, Hel’s influence on her memories was still there, perverting them into sights that brought anger instead of comfort. 

She pushed herself back from the window and contemplated if she should return to Hel. She was god of the dead, the festival was for the living. Despite this fact, a part of her still wanted to participate, her life in Hel had been bleak and lifeless. Here was a chance to finally experience some feeling of life. 

Her thoughts were interrupted as Anna stormed around the corner, fuming about something. She hardly noticed Eir as she stormed down the hallway, her eyes glued to a piece of paper.  Eir believed the woman would’ve walked right past her and never noticed her if she didn’t say anything. “Hello Anna, how are you doing?”

Anna jumped, scrambling for the paper. When she recovered she placed a hand over her chest, breathing heavily. “Eir, how good to see you there, you startled me. Where- where’d you come from?”

“I was standing right here, you almost walked right past me.”

“Right right, of course.” Her hand tightened around the report. “By the way, have you happened to see Phoena anywhere?” She said happily. She did a good job of hiding the anger in her voice.

“I have not seen her recently.” She lied. She felt that Phoena would be much better if her moment with Marcurio wasn’t interrupted by Anna.

“Curses, I need her to finish filing these tax reports, and she decided to skip out on me. I need to be down there, not stuck up here.”

“Why’s that?”

“Think Eir, think of all that sweet sweet money changing hands down there! She trapped me up here! That accursed woman! She holds no love for the years we shared together! When I get my hands on her I’ll drown her in paperwork.”

“You don’t want to enjoy the festival?”

“Well I do have all my sisters, but none of them are here right now. Past that, I have almost come to see the Order as a family. They’re all good people. Alfonse will make an excellent king when the time comes, Sharena never seems to lose her joy and, Phoena, regardless of which one it is, well, she’s a good person, she has her heart in the right place. I’ve known them for years. I don’t really feel that I need a day to celebrate with them.” Anna looked past Eir, out the window. There was a smile on her face, proud and happy for the others. For a moment, Eir caught a glimpse at the woman Anna could be at times.

“Besides I can use all the good feelings to get some money out of other couples today. Boys will trip over themselves to buy a gift for their girl, and I’ve gotta be there.” 

Eir sighed as the Anna she knew returned. “I was debating going and joining the festival myself.”

“You? That sounds like a good idea, I can’t imagine Hel is too happy a place to be at all the time.” Anna sighed. “I know your relationship with family has been… rough, but there is everyone here in the Order. I’m sure they’d be happy to see you at the festival.”

“Are you sure?”

“Completely. I know Alfonse and Sharena would be thrilled to see you, and Phoena too if she’s hiding out down there.”

“Thank you, take care Anna.”

“You as well Eir, and I hope you have a nice time at the festival.” Anna waved at Eir before wandering back down the corridor, softly muttering to herself as she was reinvested into her paper. 

Eir turned back towards the window and peered out of it. The town was filled with such life and happiness. She pondered Anna’s words for a moment. With a decision made, she turned away from the window and calmly walked down the hallway.
