You're an optimist.  


They're just people. And most people are not sufficiently self-aware to be either good or evil, really.  


Most people, when subjected to evil influences - and, yes, much of this country is, constantly - manifest evil behavior. They don't necessarily do it out of sadism or cruel intent. They do it out of banality, from the desire to belong, and out of lack of thought and imperative to broader empathy.  


Most people can be taught, with sufficient exposure, to be different, but they need that exposure to be constantly reinforced.  


A portion of people are both sufficiently driven to worry at their concept of the world, and inclined to altruistic empathy, to resist a strongly conformant societal drive toward evil, but most will continue to think of themselves as perfectly good people as they become increasingly (in the case of the left fringe) embroiled in irrationally obsessive codification or (in the case of the right not-exactly-fringe-anymore) actual fascism.  


It isn't a "most of", "both sides". That's your own cognitive dissonance, not the reality.  


It isn't because the left is inherently better. The left can (and the fringe wishes it could) push toward its own kind of totalitarian dystopia in the name of equality of outcomes, and think they were heroes. But right now, the left fringe is basically nonexistent in this particular country, in both numbers and organization, where the dangerous side of the right constitutes a plurality, and we have very concrete evidence, from less than seven weeks ago, of how far down the road that has progressed.  


I assume you close your eyes to the severity of the reality because you want to believe in people. This is an admirable trait. But, the thing about humans is, we're basically a veneer of constructed norms around a core of animal. And I don't mean that as an entirely bad thing. The animal core is as much a part of our nature as the societal norms, and shouldn't be disparaged. But when the societal norms are deliberately sabotaged - and, politicians across the political spectrum will do things that constitute sabotage, but I'm not talking about the politicians right now, and I *am* saying that the same parts of the animal instinct make some political inclinations (not specific to the left/right spectrum, but partially correlated) more susceptible to the particular brand of sabotage currently occurring - when those norms are deliberately sabotaged, the delicate machinery keeping the veneer in control, and not-evil, can easily break down.  


Brown coats thought they were heroic. Nazis thought themselves patriotic. And, no, by Godwin's own words, this is not Godwin's law. We're talking about a literal repeat of the progression that led to Nazi Germany, and we just passed the Beer Hall  Putsch. And your friends and family may "feel the same", but there's a difference between being fully aware of the entire context, and, well, not.  


The racism thing... it's real, and most of them would deny it, even now, but it's... I wouldn't call them evil for that. They're unexposed, closed off. They react in ways that are telling, to a black couple... to a white-passing guy who inadvertently reveals himself to be jewish in a place where nobody has any business being a jew... to my very mixed extended family. But they aren't actively violent, most of the time. They're unwelcoming, sometimes, but most of the time, they're just... overly curious, and unaware that they're forgetting their own standard of manners. It's relatively benign, at that level. Or it was. Two years ago, when we last ventured out of our region, there was significantly more visible hostility, desire for violence, and malice.  


And you'll perhaps find it interesting that, even here, the mere fact that I'm willing to say this has netted me a couple of fairly threatening DMs, to go with the downvotes.
