I'm currently working on my book "How to Lose Friends and Alienate People." The first 3 chapters are on how women are taught to interact with other women. The next 3 are on how we're taught to prioritize others' needs over our own. I'm kidding of course.

But here's how as a woman, I've managed to make and keep friends who are also women.

1. Acceptance. I had to get over the urge to nitpick and judge other people. I had to realize my friends are who they are and that's ok.

2. A shared purpose. Whether that's going to paint nights, joining a dance team, or a community organization, it helps to be part of something.

3. Don't waste time running a steeplechase. If a friend group, dance group, PTA etc expects you to jump fences in order to be "allowed" to be a part of what they're doing, cut yourself loose. They're friends, or they're not.

4. If the rules are different for you than for the rest of the group, it's time to go.

5. Follow the unspoken code. Female friend groups often form to protect eachother and stay safe. Dont be the girl who leaves a drunk friend alone at a party, never has her back in a fight, and takes everyone else's side in an argument.

6. Be kind and understanding. Especially when someone has trauma. Believe friends when they come to you for help. "Are you sure it was rape?" Are you sure you want friends?

7. Avoid people who spread rumors about others. It might seem fun to be a part of that, but one day you might be the butt of the joke. It's better to be alone than to force someone else to be alone and unaware of why.

8. Girls are usually right about eachother. Don't hang out with a girl because someone you hate, hates her. I used to have a friend (A) who I ended up hanging out with because we had a mutual friend (B) who was a total flake. We got talking when B ghosted an event. But B had always told me A had an issue with picking fights and getting her kicked out of places. That was also true. A and V both kinda sucked, and deserved eachother.

9. Girls tell you things about eachother/themselves  to see if you can keep a secret. If you spread rumors, you fail. Learn to keep secrets.

10. Avoid girls who have "mostly guy friends", or openly talk about drugs or their onlyfans etc. If that's what they're serving you, you dont want to know what they're hiding.

11. Expand your age borders. Talk to women who are older and younger than you. A diverse friend group is just more fun.

12. Find your people. Nuns don't go to the bar looking for besties. But they make a lot of friends at the convent
