&gt; Do people still believe this "moderate rebels" bullshit? 

The rebellion was initially a non-extremist grassroots movement with mass army defections but was later hijacked by jihadis. It's common knowledge that the majority Syrian Sunni population felt disenfranchised by Assad's policies, which resulted in a grassroots uprising with mass defections from the military.

&gt; Who could have ever seen this coming 

Hindsight is 20/20. 

&gt; Yes and Osama bin Laden was a freedom fighter 

False equivalency. OBL is a salafi jihadi. Distinctions are your friend.

&gt; Where did I say I don't blame  the Syrian regime? They emptied their prisons full of jihadists 

Fair point. 

&gt; Saudi Arabia and Qatar would not do anything significant without the  (even tacit) consent of the US. 

They've done *many* things without tacit consent of the US. Spreading Wabahism/Salafism has been their modus operandi for 30+ years. Do you think the US gave tacit consent on this policy??

&gt;Also, where do SA and Qatar get their  weapons from? Ah the US ? 

The US is the #1 global arms exporter...what about it?

&gt; I'm sure the CIA never envisioned the possibility of such weapons  falling in the hands of extremists, the CIA would never arm or support  extremist groups fighting against their enemy.  

Again, hindsight is 20/20. It was clearly a situation which spiraled out of control very quickly and the program was mothballed when it became apparent that the jihadis were overruning the moderate, grassroots uprising. Also consider the fact that the US at least had the decency to mop up the ISIS mess it indirectly helped to create.

&gt; How can you possibly be so naive and ignorant of the past (and present)? 

No need to make this personal - I'm not in charge of US foreign policy. Just trying to add some perspective to The SCW, which many people on this sub lack. It is so often chalked up to a misleading and oversimplistic narrative where the US intentionally armed bloodthirsty jihadis in an attempt to dethrone the benevolent Assad regime. The reality is that the SCW is/was very complex geopolitical struggle, with many state and non-state actors, interests, nuance, and moving pieces. It's easy to say "I told you so" now, but again, hindsight is 20/20.
