It just show how ignorant you are and how hard it is for sexual assaults to make it through court. Look at Brock the Rapist Turner, who raped a woman who was unconscious and was even fought off by a third party witness. He got 6 months. You're telling me, even with that woman being blamed by Brock the Rapist Turner and his family (starring Father of the Year: "His life is over for his 15 minutes of action"), and being dragged through the courts somehow... it would be easier for Seth as a black man? David outright stated they targeted Seth because he was black, while implying it would then be easier to silence him on it because of the stigma it would bring in his personal circle. 

You seem wildly apathetic and ignorant of how sexual assault impacts people and the just gross attitude of law enforcement and courts would treat this.

1: There is a significant gap between between laws and today's modern/online stream. Revenge porn laws are still not able to keep up, but David is still profiting off Seth's pain... and you still want to somehow blame the victims still. 

Most importantly:

**2: David can't apologize, legally, cause it can seen as he is admitting guilt**. ESPECIALLY as a Dreamer, as he could face immediate deportation if linked to a sexual crime in the US. His legal team is probably telling him to ignore it, not to do any apology, and allow his supporters to go after the victims. I mean, you're literally doing his lawyer's job for free here in the subreddit. It's very by the book DARVO tactics. Your romance partner should be wary.

3: It takes a lot for a man to stand up and say he was sexual assaulted. David goes into great details admitting his crime, but both sides have spun it. This is common for victims to try to rationalize what has happened to them to cope. People can link old interviews, but again: It's hard to be honest on what's going on in one's life when our society loves to victim blame. Especially men who are abused or sexually exploited. Terry Crews has spoken about it and we are still trying to justify disgusting behavior by famous pedophiles. 

4: Going to court takes time and money, also COVID has delayed a lot of legal proceedings in court right now. This is also related to number 1, but hopefully they do consult a lawyer. But, again, **they could only peruse this in civil courts as its up to the Prosecutor of the county of where the crime took place to press charges**. People don't get to "choose" to press charges. They get the choice of working with prosecutor who will be perusing charges.
