Yes, it's okay to be who you are. God didn't make bugs he made features. What steps you'll take as you walk with God are ultimately between you and God. 

Some people will try to tell you what God means for you. If you listen to them, they might destroy you even if they are trying to help answer your questions. The Bible warns us of this. Like any writing, the Bible can be misunderstood, indeed some authors can be twisted very easily. Scripture admits this (see 2 Peter 3:16). This presents situations where believers will disagree about a 'rule'. Romans 14 implies even the Apostles left many things mysterious and disputable... which means Christ likely did too, where one believer might decide one way and another might decide another way as far as their obedience to God. God leaves some things to individuals' consciences with the holy Spirit, for a good reason. It is an opportunity for us to apply Christ's dogma to our own lives to experience God personally. Subjectively. Through the holy Spirit. Not objectively from a rule in a book or a preachers mouth. It is the opportunity to become one with God in our heart instead of just thinking we are one with God in our own mind because someone told us the implied meaning of some line of code in a book of rules.

Everything God created is good *when received with prayer and thanksgiving.* The choice of whether, when, how to receive anything God made is our's alone ultimately. My Bible and many others' doesn't say homosexuality is evil unless I cherry pick a translation.  So it is a disputable issue. 

The Bible has a specific treatment for issues that are perhaps implied in one passage, read one way, but not said explicitly, or for issues where one translation says one thing and another says something different. *“As for the man who is weak in faith, welcome him, but not for disputes over opinions... Who are you to pass judgment on the servant of another? It is before his own master that he stands or falls. And he will be upheld, for the Master is able to make him stand. One man esteems one day as better than another, while another man esteems all days alike. Let every one be fully convinced in his own mind...” - Romans 14*

There are those who claim this is not disputable issue, and say that you would "clearly" be sinning, "clearly" unnatural, "clearly" vile if you practiced your sexuality ever, even in a context with self-control, faithfulness, gentleness, patience, joy, and love. They would come to this judgement and control the rest of your life based on their ability to rip one verse out of context if you would let them. The people who argue this way typically rely on 1 passage by the Apostle Paul, ripped out of context in Romans 1, the Apostle Paul... the author that the Bible says is easy to misunderstand and destroy ourselves with (*2 Peter 3:16*).

If only the reader will read the whole chapter of Romans 1, in context, we can see Paul condemns homosexuality "because of" idolatry as unnatural and vile. Those who can't obey God and mind their own business ignore the context to assume their conclusion. Back then, in Paul's day, the temple prostitutes Paul was writing about would be like like if J.D. Greear, though a straight man, dressed up in drag and convinced people to pay him for pleasure and blessings from a god... knowing full well that God is God.

Yes, their affections were vile. If all of us can just assume our conclusions irrationally like the pharisaical dogmatist, then anyone can take a microscope to the chapter and say that 1/8th of a passage necessarily means all affections are necessarily and certainly, clearly vile. It would be dumb and ignorant of me to ignore the context of the rest of the Bible and interpret this one phrase "vile affections" to mean all affection is vile though.

I'm not gay so I can't share your struggle, I'm sorry, though I cannot in good conscience ignore the context of the rest of Romans 1 and interpret one line (where people of the same sex had vile affections) and then just assume the conclusion that all same sex affection is vile because my daddy in the pulpit with fire in his eyes told me so. I'm not calling anyone who does read Paul differently dumb nor ignorant; I'm the dumbest and most ignorant person I know. This is merely my POV while I read the passage... and it is obvious from just a common sense reading of the passage, if only read in context, in the entirety of the chapter, that it isn't certainly explicit that it means attractions are vile nor that homosexuality itself is 'clearly' vile. A reader merely needs to open both eyes and read the context.

Wherever God leads you, keep your head up. You don't necessarily have any less of the holy Spirit than anyone else in the entire world. God made you well. Don't listen to the people that pretend to know what the most disputable passages in the Bible mean. The holy Spirit is a higher authority than a translation of a copy of a translation of a copy that differs from someone elses'. The reason those passages they tell you to read are disputable is because they've always been disputable (not all the passages... just coincidentally the ones they shame you with of course). Rabbis argued and debated this nonsensical busybodiness thousands of years ago too, about the precise meaning of this or that world thousands of years older than them, and everything else having to do with anything anyone would trust them on back then too. They'd tell you to read more scripture also, same type of person. Nothing has changed... except Christ defeated death, rose, fulfilled the law, and gave his holy Spirit to us. So I say pray. "Heavenly King, Comforter, Spirit of truth, present everywhere, who fills all things, treasury of good things, come and dwell in us and cleanse us from all our impurities, and cleanse me first."

Many in the West look at themselves as already justified and at everyone else in the world as those who are not justified yet. They see as unjust every other person that doesn't believe exactly as they do about Jesus, hell, people who live with their significant other, gay people, interracial couples, people who have sex during pregnancy, and whatever other rules the "Christian" version of the Pharisee makes up for everyone else. They are sorely mistaken, and one day they will reap what they've sown. The true path toward justification is quite the opposite of their approach. The true path to justification is to assume our mistakes to be the main problem, not the sins of the 'other.' *See the Parable of the Pharisee and the Tax Collector in Luke 18:9-14*. The true path to justification is to treat ourselves as the 'other,' not because we believe the people who call themselves the righteous ones and call us sinners, not because we think they have any sense at all nor are speaking truthfully, but rather because the moment we think we are good enough, that's as good as we will ever become. And we may have to be better yet. 

Some might treat you like the "other," like the "sinner," on account of your personal decisions about your body with your girl. The true path to justification is to treat ourselves as the 'other,' not because we believe the people who call themselves the righteous ones and call us sinners, not because we think they have any sense at all nor are speaking truthfully, but rather because the moment we think we are good enough, that's as good as we will ever become. And we may have to be better yet. We certainly have to be better than those who twist disputable passages to accuse us. 

The Bible says those who would condemn the innocent are an abomination before God. They'd even accuse God and did. If they can't shame you because you've adjusted all your behaviors to match their rules, then they will start trying to convince you to shame someone else. Shame is a hell of a motivator. Shame can fill pews and then fill the people in those pews with pride (as they shame others) and eventually fill a pocket of a pastor willing to play politics with other peoples disputable issues. It has always been this way. These people hated Jesus too. 

If you could go back in time and talk to the "Christians" 50 years ago that convinced themselves with twists on ancient Pauline passages that interracial marriage is a sin, and if you tried to explain to them that they were just twisting the meaning of ancient Pauline passages from the Bible into weapons of shame and self-righteousness, then you'd know how it feels to try to explain to a pharisaical theist in similar churches today that the historical context of Romans 1 (and even the immediate context) doesn't necessarily mean being in a self-controlled, faithful, kind, gentle, patient, peaceful, joyful, loving gay relationship is necessarily evil, and 1 Corinthians 6:9 is mistranslated in many Bibles that were translated for and then marketed to their grandparents. 

The Word of God walked among us and said the only command that is like “love God,” and that all commands also hang on, is "Love your neighbor as yourself.” That is the dogma, the interpretation so to speak, that Christ has said all the law falls under.
