"Some men don't change, they reveal" (quote from "Inland Empire"). 

12 clues to unravel the last ambiguous Cooper's actual identity as yet another BOB-parasitized Doppelgänger:

1) Annie doesn't add anything related to a 25-year cycle, her line is supposed to be read as "The good Dale is in the Lodge and he can't (ever) leave (period)", 25 years are the ones intercurring between the theatrical release of FWWM and the airing of season 3;

2) the evolution of the Arm _calls_ *that* Cooper "BOB...BOB...BOB..." while there's apparently no BOB there;

3) "Dougie" shares with Mr. C the memory of having killed Jack the mechanic, when Bushnell sends him to the Mitchums he repeats the word "dead" and pushes his hand on his own cheeks squeezing them with the fingers;

4) the very last frame during the credits to the finale suggest we go "back to starting position" and rewatch it all at the light of the whisper in *that* Cooper's ear by Laura/Carrie, well, someone on Soundcloud (https://soundcloud.com/steven-guy-10/lauras-whispered-message-to-dale-cooper) took seriously the invitation to "listen to the sounds" and cleared/cleaned the audio to such whisper, the result is the following line "Don't assume no-one can spot your dark suit off but me"...what do we have on *that* Cooper's dark suit? 

The FBI pin, that was missing ("something is missing" and "it has to do with Special Agent Dale Cooper", the Log Lady told Hawk) from the good Dale's suit both in FWWM and in the beginning there at the Fireman's in the b/w sequence of season 3 (which occurs right during the scene off Part.17 where Mr. C enters the White Lodge, it's him the "it" that was in their house then and the good Dale only gets invibilized not to be seen by his Doppelgänger).

On the FBI pin, there is the same pattern as that of the symbol drawn on Mr. C's Ace of Spades card as shown by him (rotated by 180°, i.e. upside down, so it's not a demon face with ears) to Darya, blackened as in an "omissis" like in "classified" military documents (that's a typical word used by Major Briggs and "classified" is also a taboo, something "you don't wanna know about", as Hawk told Frank Truman about the same symbol on his own "living map"), and on the very FBI logo there's also a balance....remember the Log Lady saying that "balance is the key", and the events of season 3 take place under the zodiac sign of Balance (from September 23 to October 2, 2016), it all being another clue to decipher the ending, which is a subtle reference to Hitchcock's "Vertigo"...there we had a "Scottie" dealing with acrophobia and a "Judy" falling and screaming down from a _bell_ tower, here we have a scottish-surnamed actor (MacLachlan) almost losing his balance before Laura/Carrie screams after realizing (only her, not him, who's still confused and unaware of the Fireman's masterplan) they've trespassed the Threshold between fiction and reality (Jowday, which is both a sentient entity - Ishtar/Isis/Venus/Mystery-Babylon/Babalon/Freya/Kali/Lady Liberty - and a force, a concept, with her codename derived from a scottish verb, "Jow", coined in the year 1515 AD to mean both "to knock" and "to toll a bell", something recalled by the very title of Part. 16, "No knock, no doorbell");

5) during the talk with Jeffries in Part. 17, Mike's facial expression turns very negative, as if he's realizing he's just helped the wrong person (Mike's unaware of the Fireman's masterplan);

6) when Carrie asks *that* Cooper "D.C.?" and he answers "No, the State", they're not just talking about Washington, the dialogue can also be "read" like "Are you D.C., i.e. Dale Cooper?" "No, I'm not";

7) why doesn't Mr.C go kill "Dougie" by himself instead of hiring failed hitmen?

Because, like Poe's "William Wilson" teaches us, Doppelgängerin can't kill their own selves or that would mean suicide.

8) when the Fireman abducts Andy, he shows him the two Coopers as sides of the same coin, or rather like born out of a cellular mitosis (Mr. C's fixation with cellphones is another revealer);

9) the scene at the sheriff's station in Part.17 being interrupted by the line "We live inside a dream" (a meta-realization referring to a "celluloid dream") spoken by the same one &amp; only good Cooper seen in b/w at the beginning implies that there can't possibly be two good Dale's at the same time, so the ones at the station are both Doppelgängerin, except one of them is disguised as the good guy but they're in rivalry for the only one "slot" of survival outside the Black Lodge's "firechair" awaiting both, and my theory is that in season 2's ending each time Cooper took a wrong path inside the Red Room's corridors, a different Doppelgänger was born, all of them parasitized by BOB (which behaves exactly like Chlamydia, but that would be too long to explain now), that this way can be inside more than just one human host at the same time, but the other Doppelgänger cheated the evolution of the Arm by trying to go outside the Black Lodge before Mr.C came back in (note that Mr. C didn't manufacture Dougie, since the only one who's got the cloning technology is Mike's own Doppelgänger, he only tried to took advantage of the awareness of Dougie's existence to turn the FBI against him through the manipulated tulpa of Diane, and Diane herself actually died right after the alleged rape of the early '90s, and the near-death trauma caused the self-birth of the tulpa).

10) why does the evolution of the Arm repeat to the last "Cooper" the line Audrey told Charlie about the "story of the little girl who lived down the lane"?

Charlie's place was taken over by a fitting room's vanity mirror, and the evolution of the Arm was once a dwarf like Charlie, so this means that the one the Arm is talking to is just a mere _reflection_ of the good Dale (and "Inland Empire" helps us understand that "reflections" and "Doppelgängerin" are the same things, I refer to the speech by Grace Zabriskie about "Little Boy" - the atomic bomb cousin to the Trinity Test within the same Manhattan Project - and the birth of Evil during the trespassing of the Threshold);

11) why would the good Dale re-meet the fake Diane outside the red curtains to the Black Lodge at Glastonberry Grove instead of, say, Jackrabbit's Palace there on Blue Pine Mountain?

12) as a further confirmation, on Major Briggs' original printed radio-message in season 2 there were _five_ "COOPER"s in line (1 good Dale, 2 evil Doppelgängerin, 1 Dougie and 1 new clone "back home" in Las Vegas as Dougie-bis)
