My heart really goes out to you. You’ve stayed strong in a very hard situation and you did what is right for yourself. I made the same choice two years ago, and I’ve been soaring ever since. Though it’s hard feeling alone and the amount of work that your caretakers has caused you is infuriating a lot of the time. I totally get that. I often fantasize about who I would be if I came from a regular, healthy family too, and I can’t help but feel resentful that I have to spend so much of my time and energy healing myself. Though..,a cool thing is that after all the therapy and self help, I’m starting to be in a place where I’m actually stronger and wiser than most people. Most people, are actually pretty soft and unaware of themselves because they never had to overcome this level of trauma. Like, I can see that they don’t really understand themselves or others that much (lots of confusion as to why someone is different from them and not understanding their actions or choices a lot of the time). It’s oddly turned into a blessing. I don’t take things for granted (I have real ambition for a nice life), and if something is toxic, I don’t just ignore it  and try to learn to live with it...I just take care of it. 

Anyway, I wanted to say that you might want to look into the book “Adult children of Emotionally Immature Parents.”....that book is life changing, and it could help you to start to connect with others better. You’re definitely probably subconsciously pushing others away because your trust for others is very low. But this is not something you have to live with for the rest of your life. Not even close. There is so much help out there. That book is a great place to start tho. Your self esteem is probably really messed up too (which also effects connection) so maybe also start looking into how to improve your self esteem. 

I know it’s annoying to have to put work into this especially when it seems like others around you are more functional and don’t need to do anything at all, but I was also going to warn you that I wasted about 6 years of my life hoping that things would just sort of work themselves out. I’m not saying that you won’t heal at all, but I’ve found taking issues by the horns has catapulted me forward. I was so messed up that my physical health was suffering a lot, and I can tell you I’m so much healthier and more positive nowadays. More confident too. 

Anyway, good luck
