Are you kidding? How would you not believe that. As a nanny for 15 years (a few diff families), I personally would believe it whole heartedly. That kid is likely a sociopath, because first of all, a seven year old cannot lie well, they're too stupid and ignorant of the world, and give themselves away eventually or get obviously uncomfortable with serious grilling etc etc. Two, for a SEVEN YEAR OLD (that's grade 2, mind you), to come up with that, of course you'd believe it!!! Why wouldn't you? And of course your man would deny it (like if he's a piece of shit enough to cheat on you, then he's obviously gonna be a piece of shit enough to lie to you about it, so him denying it proves nothing). I honestly, honestly believe that this kid is a sociopath, to be able to not only pull that off, but go with it for so long with no remorse. Like, to not feel awful at how sad your mom's face must have looked when you told her, or all the nights your prob heard her crying, or all the fights you heard after you made up the lie, etc. That's just creepy. I once broke an old window in a barn at the back of our property when I was 6, and felt so guilty that by the end of day 2 I told my parents. I had a little kid I nannied come to me crying and she admitted that she made fun of me to her friends at school. Like, kids have disgusting amounts of empathy and compassion for others. Those that don't are the manipulative, generally sick-minded adults when they grow up. And of all the kids I've nannied or babysat over the years, I can tell you that I have met one that I feel would be capable of this, and she has since gone to therapy and been diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder. Aka a sociopath.... 
To post this with the "I'm sooo much smarter and better than you" attitude title of "imagine giving a kid this much power" makes you look so very young ignorant of how the world works (ignorant, in case you didn't know, means unkowledgeable, as in, speaking on things you literally know nothing about, and it makes you look DUUUMMMBBB af). Now, all that said, this woman must be a dumbass herself to have not seen the red flags this child most definitely has had along the way and therefore have at least SOME suspicions, and to believe it outright without first doing some serious digging...
