I'd be interested to know what makes you suspect the OT god isn't the one god. Is he a representation of it, like one facet of a jewel, or a separate being? 

I do like Jesus' style some of the time, I just couldn't get behind what all Christians share as the foundation of the faith; that Jesus was brutally executed as payment for our sins (and that's a *good* thing) and the only way to salvation is through him. I was raised in an energetic Baptist church in Glasgow (not the same as Baptists in the US) and there seemed to be something faintly sadomasochistic about it. Everyone was full of joy, yet they were singing happily about being washed in the blood of the lamb and how they were nothing without god and Jesus.

That's the exclusivity I was talking about earlier. I'm far from perfect but I don't believe I need to be forgiven by anyone except those I've wronged. After much work I've managed to forgive myself for the mess I made of my life and I will try to explain myself and apologise to people I've caused pain to, but I don't understand what Jesus has to do with that? My salvation came through art, through digging into my own heart to see what was in there, and after excavating through the dross what I found was love. Humans are flawed through no fault of our own, so blaming ourselves for that and believing we genuinely deserve hell/annihilation/separation from god, believing we are worthless without the love of god and Jesus is unacceptable to me, it's a way of debasing ourselves.

The statement that "drunkards will not enter heaven" also seems highly judgemental and unaware of the realities that alcoholics face. My impression is that it's as though such people are morally corrupt in some way, that they have 'chosen' to drink themselves into a stupor because it's enjoyable, rather than the reality that most heavy drinkers are desperately trying to escape some intolerable feeling or situation.

Who decides what an appropriate amount is? The story I told above happened because I was already a heavy drinker, because I hated myself and my life. It's sheer luck that I also had a facility for sculpture, and that I had the focus to be able to make coherent pieces while intoxicated. As an anxious, shy, reserved person there's just no way I would have been able to soberly throw myself into the work with as much energy, freedom and openness as it took to shake myself up enough to change my self image.

Of course, it is undeniably unhealthy to drink too much too often, it harms our physical health and can impact work and social relationships negatively. Everything in moderation - including moderation imo. Covid has shut me back in the closet which has been difficult and caused occasional destructive binges, but mostly I'm on top of it now. Even so, *all* I can do when I drink and smoke is make sculptures, and dance.
