This very post, is divisive and ignorant of the entirety of how a conflict unfurls. 

Conflict does not ensue because simply one person has an issue. Nor does war break out because two tribes exist. Two tribes must exist, but one must have a problem with the other, and neither be willing to compromise or listen for the betterment and safety of it's people. 

The problem, and I do agree, a civil war is seemingly inevitable. And your example is just, and valid. 

But you are just as much a part of the problem as the ones you claim to be preparing against. 

Pointing fingers and waiting to claim "They started it." You, and anyone else to takes to name calling, and placing blame, will be just as much to blame when all the dust settles.

&amp;#x200B;

Peace is created by listening, compromising, and diplomacy. Generosity, and love. Making a stand on the important issues, and creating a resolution on the ground which can be shared. 

This is as much a war cry as Conservatives make. Constant name calling and degradation tactics to prove "I'm right, you're wrong." And if blood sheds, it will dry equally on both sides of the knife which cut the skin. Blood and skin, that no matter which color, identity, or ideology, all bleeds red. 

No one knows which way of life is perfect. No person, man or woman, can claim "My Way Is Right For All", and not be called a liar. Every persons way of life is heaven for one, and hell for another. 

This post divides within the first 5 sentences. And never ceases after. 

&amp;#x200B;

It is time we stop playing blame games for where shit went wrong, start accepting where we all, individually fucked up. And start working together to safe this country.

Or, we continue this shit. And I can assure you, we will see Civil War. Just as you lay claim. And this country will be wiped from the face of the earth. Cause during or after Civil War II, the countries which we've made enemies, will come, and our fragmented forces and our broken economy and people, will fall to whoever decides to seize such an opportunity.
