Because they actually do. All it takes is a few minutes of research and you will see it’s true. Okay so if you don’t want to believe in The Illuminati, look up a REAL organization like The Masons. There is a Masonic temple is just about every city. They certainly have secret handshakes which members use to identify themselves to one another publicly. 

Now after you look up the Masonic handshakes and other hand symbols, look up the Illuminati 666 “ok” hand sign, or the devils horns, or the ok over the eye, or covering one eye in general. Go through all of the pictures of famous celebrities and politicians making these same gestures over and over and over again. Do normal people do this shit? 

I am not saying to you that this stuff is real. I am just asking you to put your narcissistic urge to yell yourself that you know every already and you’re absolutely right. We live in a crucial time right now, and it’s time to examine all angles without bias. This is all I’m asking of you. Ask yourself “what if I’m wrong?”.

Are you strong enough to do that? Or is your ego and need to be right fully in control of your decision making and thought process? Are you strong enough to question yourself and your beliefs?

Did you know CIA’s website host a document titled “bloodlines of the Illuminati” which details all of the bloodlines of this supposedly fictional group? Google it and see for yourself. 

For those ignorant and unaware of the claims behind the conspiracy, it is said that the Illuminati broadcasts their intentions and flaunts their plans in plain sight. They tell you what they are doing and what is happening. People who believe the conspiracy see South ParQ as having done exactly that:

They highlighted the plans publicly, but in a mocking way where most of the public will think it’s a joke or mocking people who believe it. The South Park creators even feature themselves in the episode, among the Hollywood elites, telling you that they are part of it, but again dressed up as a good. During all of this, the scene is filled with “666”, one eye, pyramid and other Illuminati symbolism. 

The claim is that the Illuminati uses Hollywood to brainwash all of us via the media. In order to be successful in Hollywood/Politics you must engage in rituals, and be photographed during the rituals, so that they have something to hold over your head to control you. Don’t say a word or we will release these photos or what you did to gain your fame and wealth.

There’s a video on YouTube of a young Angelina Jolie talking to her friends and describing rituals she engaged in, and how she has compromising photos on people. 

Now I am not telling you this is true. I am telling you these are the claims. You should go read into it because these crazies who believe in this, whom you mock, aren’t just believing it for no reason. And this isn’t a right wing nutcase thing. 
These conspiracies and ideas existed well before the Qanon thing.

Now if there is a group controlling the entire world, and the media, and you are believing the media when it tells you there’s no conspiracy, it is sortve akin to you asking Jefferey Dahmer if he is a murderer and fully believing him when he says no.

Of course he wants you to think that.

I am not saying this shit is true. I am saying at least research it. People aren’t just believing it for no reason or without any kind of evidence. 

What if it IS true? 

Are you gonna be the unaware jackass who fucked himself because he spent all this time patting himself on the pat, thinking he knows everything already?

We live in different times now. There ain’t no time for that type of narcissism. Open your mind and get out of this “us versus them” Democrats versus Republicans blue versus red left versus right mentality. Because that shit will keep you blinded to how this world works by giving you a false identity, a false sense of community, a false enemy, and a false sense of self validation. All of which your EGO is just dying to eat up so it can feel RIGHT.

Be better than that.
