&gt;Everyone (I’ve talked to) says that biking in Miami will get you killed because of the drivers.

I just moved to Miami and hadn't driven a lot here. First few times, I didn't notice much. Today, I went for a long drive inland towards Doral.

I had 2 people randomly switch lane on the freeway to exit right at the end. I'm talking maybe 3-car lengths from the exit at high speed. It's like they didn't plan at all and there was no freaking traffic. So they could have easily driven fast in the slow lane if they were expecting to get off, but nope. Last minute it is! 👀

Then on a slower road, I had a guy not planning at stopping at a stop sign and almost plowed into me. Then a little down the street, a lady nearly hit me as traffic let her through, but she didn't see me coming on the lane over and I hit my brakes hard. ABS came on and the car kept sliding. I almost hit her, and thank god she stopped in time otherwise she would have plowed right into the front passenger side. These are 25-40 mph sections. Stupid lady was trying to do an illegal left crossing multiple lanes! 👀

Then on the way back home, I saw a guy exit, then realize he went the wrong way, so he drove right across the grass and back into traffic. I also had a guy put what looks like a thin metal siding on his truck bed sticking out, unmarked and it wasn't fastened, and there is a good chance at high speed that thing will fly right off and possibly hit someones windshield and decapitate. The guy? Too busy talking on the phone.

Let's just say, I have never seen anything like this. My significant other, doesn't even have the radio on when she drives around here, because people are completely clueless and unaware of their surroundings. She has to be extra careful on the road.

I'm not just talking about people driving fast, cutting you off or weaving in and out of traffic, but the sort of thing that even those people wouldn't do shit like that.

I was flabbergasted and I've lived in Chicago, Los Angeles and San Francisco for many years. I've seen some stupid things in my time, but never so many in such short succession. As for my driving experience? I've driven a car for over 20-years and never had a single car accident. I've driven in snow, in Europe and some of the biggest cities in the US.

Do you really want to risk your life around here biking with people like that?

I would never bike on the road around here. People are clueless and it doesn't take many to cause an accident. There can be a thousand car on the road, and it only takes one person to cause a chain accident.
