It's my experience that this voice comes in the same way our inner voice does and thinks the same way in pictures and concepts. 

"I" have the thought, but I discern by, following the conversation I guess. For example: I was just sitting here thinking of my sleeping family and friends in the house currently and considering the things I love about them. I was enjoying listening to their snores and began sort of thinking of them all like children when the idea of "No child left behind" popped into my head. While that was not the thought I was currently focusing on, I've recently also been wondering about enlightenment/salvation and the ability of everyone to get there. 

I had already determined for myself recently after much reading, thinking, and observing my feelings that yes, everyone not only has the ability, but it's like a roller coaster that isn't stopping anyway, it was never NOT going to happen. It's nature's cycle. Which brings me back to "no child left behind". In a moment of present awareness and gratitude, my confirmation came!

I also read a story once about a shaman who while passing on his teachings taught his "student" a way of understanding the visions he saw while hallucinating. They used a very, very long and complex ritual to put deep into the student's mind that whatever he saw he would have a guide whispering the meaning in his ear. If he were to forget he had a guide and begin focusing too much on the details of the vision, he would become lost and unaware of any meaning. My interpretation of this based on my own experience is that the ritual was there to deeply ingrain within the student the confidence that they would understand all they would see and hear, no matter how it appeared on the surface. 

This confidence can be given over to one's own heart (in my experience). When deeply in high energetic awareness, I am well aware my heart can discern the meaning of all things and relay it to me. The meaning being only how it all correlates to everything else to see it as a part of a whole containing within it an image of the whole. 

To get there my "guide" brings me memories in pictures and thoughts. I hear a song, a lyric pops out at me, it reminds me of something I've been thinking about, I keep my attention there and Eureka! A connection appears! I can follow that connection to continue the conversation, I wonder about it, I see a literal billboard saying "Paradise is Here!" (In the details of the advertisement the phone number is something like 420-6969, I look down at the time and it's 11:11. Eureka! An idea is confirmed.
