That it's perfectly okay, but it won't be easy. For women, we're judged by procreation, and that does not change for the entirety of your life. People automatically assume that you're broken, not complete, can't be compassionate, or are sad and depressed when none of the above is true. We're judged even harsher if we state that we chose not to have kids. Then we're bitches, selfish, rude, and ignorant of how the world works. If we're single and sleep with a guy just for sex, we're a slut, we should settle down and have babies. 

Men are judged by the women they're with. If they sleep around, they're just 'having a little fun', but once they marry, they're expected to do their duty. If they don't, they're judged or badgered about sperm count or asked what's wrong with their wife.

For both sexes, the 'you don't have kids - you can work the long weekend' mentality kicks in.

You'll constantly be bombarded by people telling you what to do in your own bedroom, with your dick or ovaries, and judge you accordingly. You'll have to tell people repeatedly to shut up about it, but then you're considered defensive. 

When you get older to grandchild age like I am, you'll be judged as lonely, a spinster, a lifelong bachelor. You'll be suspected of being gay, even if you're not. You'll be judged on why you didn't do IVF or surrogacy or adopt. You'll have realised by this point that people see you as miserable, can't make friends, super lonely and they'll ask you if you regret your choice.

And the biggest thing to know about all of the above? Not one drop of it matters. Not a damned bit. I'm PROUD to be CF. I'm happy and well adjusted. I'm single, live alone, and have for many years. Pre-Covid, I was super busy in my community, and quite capable of handling people and their dumb questions.

The friends I do have know me and respect my choices, as I respect theirs. I have friends with kids, but they're distant. My best friends are those without kids. And I don't judge on age. My best friend is 14 years younger than I am. My best couple friends are in their very early 20s and they see me not only as a friend but a mentor. They don't want kids either and are wicked D&amp;D players.

The worst years were in my late 20s, when I was married for about 7 years. The pressure was intense, especially from his side of the family. Didn't cause our divorce but was a part of it, and I won't marry again - and that's okay. 

That's the biggest takeaway I wish someone had told me: It's okay. It's going to be okay, and it will be okay. You'll survive the constant bingoing of your 20s, the loss of friends in your 30s as they have kids and fall away, and the comments about grandkids later. It really is okay. Stand up for yourself, draw your line in the sand early and don't let anyone cross it. Your ovaries or dick are not up for discussion.
