Look I'll give you a controversial idea of what China and mischievious Chinese citizens may look at Canada as. Totally anectodal, but perspective of now Canadian immigrant who can see similar traits in my own ethnic diaspora.

If you can be taken advantage of, it is someone's right to take advantage of it. While Canada expects the world to follow rules of law and justness in good faith, that side of world is ruled by predetory relationship b/w powerful and powerless. Small fish will get eaten by big and morality has no place in this eat or get eaten world. 

They think Canadians and naive and ignorant of this competition to not just survive but to be the all winning player, no matter the destruction left behind. Thats the only way they can understand Canadian 'niceness', an inherent weakness to be exploited. Chinese can push forward Chinese(or CCP) causes even at cost of Chinese populace, show me where Canada has such fervent dedication to any of their causes. We have diluted our collective identity in favour of individual freedoms and identities. Over there its still China first for every citizen, wheather they like it or not. We are fighting the CCP monster with 1.5+ billion pieces to move, manipulate and sacrifice against a paltry 35 million people with varied idealogies, allegiences and similarily shaped leaders with varied policies and plans. Theres no match, especially when we have already let them in our economy, business, politics and society with no checks and bounds. What measures do we have to check against an ex CCP loyalist coming over and following his/her instructions spread over 20 years.

Theres no one group to be blamed for this situation. Consumers, corporations, politicians, they all looked out for personal interests while being played like a toy at the hands of CCP. Democratic governments change here every few here and so changes their plans and aspirations. CCP does not have that discontinuity, its contant and ever improving organism. What is Canada's continously living and evolving external idealogy, that we work on regardless of party in power? Wait and see what happens in arctic North once the ice clears but more. 

When you are indoctrinated to be the 'best' of humans, everyone else is mere fodder for this 'winning' machine. We Canada are easy fodder softened by our niceness and British colonial guilt.
