&gt;That's my original point.

Yes. I caught that.  Recognizing this doesn't automatically make us morally superior, however. Intentional or not, I think you might be coming off that way.

&gt;It's disheartening to get down voted for stating that we have no idea what happened and shouldn't make any assumptions based on the findings of this investigation.

This isn't all that you said. If you had only stated, "We have no idea what happened and shouldn't make any assumptions based on the findings of this investigation." I highly doubt that you'd be getting downvoted.

&gt;I don't think our whole fanebase is racist, but I can't keep denying that they a lot are ignorant and unaware of their bias on issues like this.

There's more than enough bias to go around. The surest way to know someone has significant bias is for them to claim that they have none.  Racism and bigotry are far more complex in source and expression than simply choosing to give the "appropriate" individual the benefit is the doubt.  

People could have written what they wrote for a number of different reasons. Our own biases cause us to interprete their motivations the way that we interprete them more even than what words they chose to use.  There's no getting around it. 

Hopefully our awareness of this reality prompts us to give others the benefit of the doubt, especially when our experiences with them are written communication only, and most especially if we're going to extrapolate our observations to an entire demographic.  Failure to do this kind of thing is, after all, at the root of both racism and bigotry.

We count people with racist bias among our number, as do all NBA fanbases.  We're indulging incredible naivete or bigotry if we believe we're alone among fanbases.  We'll be more successful changing things for the better if we directly confront specific erroneous thoughts and behavior, assuming good intentions in those we confront, than we'll be if we indulge in judgement and generalizations.

Good luck to all of us well-meaning fools!
