He was known as Barra the kind. The man who sacrificed himself for the village. But one day, he showed up to my dark dungeon, bruised and cut, screaming, "Where are you, great Demon? Come on out. Come burn this damned village down. Turn it into ashes, make it disappear from the face of Earth."

It took me a moment to gather my wits. The man who had, for the past five years, agreed to take a hundred lashings every month to save the village from doom, asking to burn it down to a crisp. How bizarre. The kindest man in the world with such barbaric thoughts.

"Do you know, what you're asking of me, Barra? Do you have your wits about you?"

"I sure have my wits about me, Demon. I have my wits about me. Only now do I feel they have returned. Why did I ever take those lashings? All that for such horrid people. Listen, burn them. Burn me with them if you like."

I could only laugh. "Burn you? You're the kindest person I have ever had the honor of lashing. I could never burn you. But I am curious, what on Earth changed you so Barra?"

"What do I say, Demon. What can I say? Those vile creatures for whom I took these lashings on my body. I want to tear this skin that suffered for that lot."

His demonic spirit made me smile, "Out with it, Barra. That is my condition. Tell me why, and I'll do as you please."

"Why, you ask, why, you should've asked why not. Those people, they said I killed the boy with yellow fever when I nursed him in his illness. They said I was vile, and the Demon had made me a carrier of curses and diseases. They rejected my kindness, those fools. They rejected it out of their own vileness. Tell me, Demon, do such people have any right to live?"

"No. Not at all. Nor does the rest of the human race. It's all the same everywhere, you know."

"I believe you, I believe you now. Should all of the race be wicked, then we should eliminate all!"

I nodded my head and got up from the throne. "Come with me, Barra. I want to show you carnage, the destruction of those who refuse your supreme kindness."

With Barra resting on my shoulder, we walked over to the village, where I crouched for Barra to get down on the ground.

The villagers watched us with curious expressions as if they didn't know what they'd done, but Barra, his face was contorted with rage.

"Die! Die, you villagers! Insolent and ignorant of greatness among you. Die, vile humans!" Barra shouted at the top of his voice.

Right on cue, I drew a deep breath and exhaled giant flames, which caught on the thatched roofs of the village huts, and soon the whole village was in flames. I hunted every villager that escaped and burned them to crisp.

The manic eyes of Barra, the flames shining in them, told me that my intuition was correct. He was indeed the kindest man I had ever seen. May the liberated souls of those humans reincarnate as Demons.
