&gt;Firstly, what about...

First, you have to realize that these people generally aren't earning minimum wage. Someone 'who once had a stable situation' shoudl easily be able to use their experience to get more than minwage.

&gt;Throwing a blanket "LOL don't have kids if you're poor" is disgustingly irresponsible and ignorant of the hundreds of thousands of cases where it doesn't apply.

Of course it applies. Everyone needs to take responsibility for themselves. 

&gt;Ignoring the fact that you think it's acceptable for millions of people to have "The barest of bare lives"

I don't think I every said it was "acceptable". I simply described what Minimum meant.

&gt;The reality of things is that the minimum wage does not provide enough to meet even this BARE MINIMUM save for your theoretical best case scenario where a magical person who never gets sick or injured for any reason,

Or who just sucks it upo and goes to work when sick.

&gt;lives a comfortable and safe walk/bike to their office, in a temperate location where they don't have to worry about intense heat or cold at any time of year,

LOL. I used to live in NYC and work on Long Island.  I bought a folding bicycle, rode it to the bus, folded it, and took the bus to the Long Island RailRoad, took the train halfway out along the island, got off, unfolded the bike, and rode 3 miles to work (And the other direction after work- at midnight, mind you)... in ALL WEATHER. For YEARS.  SO get off the 'they need a comfortable and safe commute in a temperate climate' bullshit.

&gt;can metabolize rice and beans into all the necessary nutrients needed to survive,

They wouldn't LITERALLY be eating ONLY rice and beans. Sheesh.

&gt;found incredibly cheap rent (with utilities included!) and can share that rent with someone else,

Yes, you need to do a little ::gasp:: work- find cheap rent, find a roommate, etc. 

&gt;with decent and cheap internet that always works and a phone that never deteriorates or breaks with a plan that is also cheap...

Both of which are easy enough.

&gt;This isn't about luxury, this is about survival.

You just admittedd that they would could do as I suggest, and still be able to save "a few hundred a month".

&gt;But you ignore that and hide behind your "but they want the playstations and the iphones" argument.

I used to work for Verizon. Good, Union job. You'de be surprised at the stuff "poor" people owned.  Better stuff than I owned. Flat screen TVs (this was before they were the norm). Game consoles. Gaming PCs. I saw it myself.

...but I'm the "ignorant" one here. Right.
