The manga definitely messes up a lot, which is why I appreciate the anime so much more. 

Your part about Kisaragi's murder is a good point. This is a good example of where the anime's changes absolutely blow away the manga because in the anime this scene is a fucking gut wrench. Instead of Kisaragi being a sacrifice, she's just collateral damage and the scene turns the opening sequence from a fan servicey bid for blood and gore, into a serious and disturbing sequence of events. It makes the viewer vulnerable, and stops Lucy from being an eyecandy object to being a cold blooded murderer. 

I actually stopped watching elfen lied the first time after that scene because I was not able to stomach that. Despite having watched a lot of bloody gorey anime and movies, and TV series like band of brothers, but that moment got to me in a way I didn't expect. 

Eventually I went back and now I've watched the series an unreasonable amount of times.

About Nyu. A thing about human biology, even if someone regresses in a mental fashion, or is mentally stunted, this does not stop sexual feelings and hormones from developing. There are numerous people with autism, downs syndrome, and other mentally stunting disorders who have expressive sexuality.

There is also this slight maybe implication that Kaede may not be a completely heterosexual person, the scene with Aiko. As well as her fascination with female characters comes off as a sexual attraction that likely comes from Lucy's buried memories. More or less implicated by the fact that Lucy herself as a kid was very awkward and unaware of how to really handle herself. The Zoo and River scene are big hints at this. The way she awkwardly responds to be splashed with water, turning to what looks almost to be on the verge of a fight. And then before that being excited by the animals to point that she cant contain herself despite the public embarrassment she realizes she's causing herself. 

Nyuu being a fully grown adult with these kinds of implications, it isn't all that strange that an adult woman would have sexual feelings, and not exactly understand them in her state.

This is probably something that becomes more clear and apparent in a complexity sense  when someone is around mental illness treatment for a significant amount of time. In-patient and out patient facilities often times will deal with mentally stunted and damaged people who have issues and lack understanding of boundaries. 

Now in the manga this definitely comes off as fan service and inappropriate. But in the anime this is played for a sense that she's just creepy. It keeps the viewer from getting attached the way she does, and Kouta even says "I wonder who taught Nyuu to be so freaky." Nodding at the viewer that "this is not ok"

About the Puppy scene. If you're referring to it being unrealistic in both the anime and manga, unfortunately this is where I have to seriously disagree, because this kind of behavior is absolutely unfortunately realistic. Torturing and killing animals is often an indicator of serious anti social behavior, and is well know as an indicator that someone can become a serial killer. Beating a dog to death in front of someone for the sake bullying or hurting someone else or messing with them is realistic in the sense that, these are all kids who have been abandoned, are unsupervised, and Lucy is obviously their bottom of the pecking order target. Taking away joy from her, in the one situation where she actually reacts is exactly the kind of behavior you see in anti social children. 

Children torturing animals is a well known mood enhancement in anti social or abused children. In-fact this behavior is noted by Psychology today: ["Vehicle for emotional abuse \(for example, injuring a sibling's pet to frighten the sibling\),"](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-human-equation/201104/children-who-are-cruel-animals-when-worry)

So sadly... this is an unfortunately realistic scenario.

The 2nd half is where most of the manga really begins to fall apart in terms of issues, especially with Kurama, the agent, and the diclonius facility. 

In-fact most of the entire 2nd half of  the manga can be dropped without losing anything in terms of actual story progression. If you read volume 1~7 skipping page 203, and then skip from volume 7 to the last 5 pages of volume 11, you lose absolutely nothing of the story. 

While I rate the anime was one of the best of all time, The manga receives a mere 7 out of 10 from me because of how many issues it brings up.

I mostly use the manga as a bit of a background reference for the anime rather than using it as a definitive storyline. Most people would be the other way around.

It helps explain some of the more implied but not concrete defined things about the anime. 

But beyond that the anime is so much better of a story and handles the themes it deals with in an incredibly powerful and meaningful way.
