&gt;Its really arrogant and ignorant of you to think that just because they don't share your beliefs then they must be brainwashed. 

Sorry, anyone that fucking stormed the capitol or supported it on January 6 was brainwashed.  If you searched Vietnamese American news in November and December you would have been inundated with Dominion conspiracies and claims about election fraud.  The problem is there's no moderate Vietnamese American news source.  It's all Vietnamese rush limbaugh that they're tethered to either on AM radio or on YouTube.  That's all my parents and their generation get their news from; the younger generation will mostly get their news from mainstream media (that's not a criticism) so they're equally free to watch MSNBC or Fox.

&gt;These people have experienced what tryannical communist dicatorship is like and will fight anything that has even a hint of socialism.

My parents also fled in the middle of the night on a boat and lived in refugee camps in the Philippines where they regularly saw emaciated people come off boats that either starved to death, died of dehydration or disease so you'd think they'd have a little more empathy for people fleeing gang violence crossing the Sonoran Desert and seeing their children locked up in cages.  And if you're argument is bUt ThE mExIcAnS aRe EcOnOmIc ReFuGeEs therefore they aren't fleeing for their lives, there was a large [second wave of refugees](https://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/vietnamese-immigrants-united-states-5) granted permanent residency status in the 90's during the Clinton administration that some of my aunts and uncles were part of.  When they lived in Vietnam during the late 80's and early 90's they were very well off because my grandpa felt extremely guilty about leaving them behind and made all his children that made it to the US send them money every month.  The second wave of immigrants mostly came in through the US's policy of allowing citizens to sponsor family members they've been separated from to get permanent residency status in the US.  As soon as my grandpa and his children that made it to the US got their citizenship they immediately applied to get their remaining family to the US; yet they want to slam the door in to Mexicans, Hondurans, Ecuadorians and Guatemalans that just want the same thing.

Secondly, yes, you are right that they hate anything that rhymes with communism.  On the spectrum of economic ideologies socialism is too close to communism.
