Anyways, Marduk had begun to hate most of the other Annunaki, and had begun to see himself as the savior of humanity.  Known for his brute strength, Lightning, and what seemed like a magic hammer, Marduk was praised by many humans as Thor the breaker of chains and freer of humanity.  This went to his head, and he began to see himself as the only true hope and light for humanity.  He raised a massive army and began to fight agains the Annunaki to free more humans, but he couldn't resist the vastly superior armaments that Enlil had access to.  This is when Marduk's family friend Loki came up with a plan.  Loki was like Marduk's uncle, he was an Shapeshifting Reptilian Orion Noble who had grown up with Enki Ea and had followed him throughout his life and travels.  Loki convinced Marduk that he could recruit help, because Marduk's incredible bloodline, he could use it to call upon the rogue Orion clans to come to his aid, and fight with him for the throne.  So Loki and Marduk began to travel and recruit, the recruited many of the Grey, Dragon, and Serpent clans.  The Greys produced a clone army, while Loki lead the shapeshifting reptilians to infiltrate Enlil's administrative bases.  Enlil hated humans, and didn't trust them, and instead prefer to use reptilians to run all his facilities because they were less like to question orders.  This made it easy for the reptilians to infiltrate his bases.  Soon the hour was right, and when Anu had called most of the ruling Annunaki away from Earth for a summit, Marduk and Loki struck.  They were able to quickly gain full control of our solar system.

It was at this point that Marduk declared himself Ra the One True God.  He told the humans of Earth that they were now free from the gods slavery, and that he would lead them into a new golden age.  But he found many of the humans revolted and demanded that the old gods return.  Not understanding it, he consulted his advisors.  Loki and the rogue clans were masters of mind control and manipulation.  They convinced Marduk to allow them to mind wipe any dissenters.  They went far beyond what Marduk wanted though.

See Loki was loyal to the Archons, the children of the Beast, Yaldabaoth, father of Demons and Archons.  And the Archons HATED the Annunaki.  You see it was Anshar, the father of King Anu, that defeat Yaldabaoth in combat and had banished him into the Abyss.   The Archons have one mission, the fall of man and the souled beings that banished their father to the Abyss and the rescue of their father from the Abyss.  Not knowing the his allies secretly hated everything about him and humanity, Marduk agreed to allow them to compromise our reincarnation system and add a memory wipe for humans whenever they are reborn.  It used to be that humans were born with all the memories of their previous lives, but Loki put an end to that.   They couldn't fully mind control humanity without first causing them to forget who they were.  They also brought in a damage Andromedan world ship to be our moon, where they now house many of those control systems over us.

Meanwhile Marduk wished to help humanity, not knowing the sinister manipulation being performed behind his back.  Marduk helped the humans build the Tower of Babel, which was located in what is currently the Bermuda Triangle.  It was a massive psychic neural network, not only could humans who were connected to it talk to each other telepathically, they could also download information just like in the Matrix, need to know how to drive a helicopter?  Just download it.  All it required was to get a Neuralink device surgically installed onto your skull. Marduk had created a Utopia on Earth, he had shared most of the knowledge of the gods with humanity, and they were beginning to build their own spaceports and a space fleet.

But soon, Marduk's allies began to make their moves.  The Greys took control of the Tower of Babel, and used it to enslave most of humanity.   The tech was so control, humans were no longer even able to scratch their own noses unless the Greys allowed them to.  They could only walk in the direction the Greys wanted.  Humanity was more than enslaved, they were trapped.   Only the few humans that hadn't gotten the tech implanted were uneffected.

Meanwhile around the same time this is happening, Enlil went to his father King Anu, and told him that if they don't strike now, Marduk was going to build and army to overthrow him.  Not willing to take the chance, King Anu allowed Enlil access to his greatest weapons of war.  The Annuanki lord Ninurta and Nergal were given incredibly powerful warships and were told to erase the empire of Marduk.

This lead to the most destruction this world has seen in hundreds of thousands of years.  This was when Sodom and Gomorrah happened.  This was when most of the world deserts were created.  Northern Africa was once a tropical paradise, when they were finished the Sahara was now a desert and the Golden City of Atlantis in its western reaches was destroyed.  The American Southwest was destroyed and the Grand Canyon was created.  The Gobi desert was created.  The Dead Sea was created.   Last but not least, the Tower of Babel was destroyed, due to the technologies that were involved that destruction of it was what lead to the creation of the Bermuda Triangle anomalies.  But when this happened every human that was connected to it, was completely mind wiped, 95% of humanity didn't even know their own name anymore.

Without his human armies, Marduk was quickly turned on by the Greys and Reptilians, they stormed his estates and chased him off the planet.  The Annunaki tried to return to Earth, but the humans no longer remembered them and would attack them as demons.  

Since that time, Earth has been secretly ruled by the Greys and Reptilians that are loyal to the Archons.  They keep humans asleep, feed them poisonous food and drinks, medicine, lies to keep them asleep and unaware of what is truly going on in their world.
