Rampart is actually not great at holding down an area, so playing defensively in the sense of finding out where zone ends and camping there is not optimal in my opinion.

She should be played aggressively in the sense that you need to be looking for fights and angles and be on the move often. 
That said, she also can't be played aggressively in the same way that octane, horizon or wraith can for example. 

My ideal rampart fights are ones where I can deal a lot of damage early on and then push, with the knolwedge that I've got walls behind me if things turn back. So the key is to always have a mid/long range weapon. If enemies are in the open and unaware of me I set up sheila, and try to get one or 2 knocks/shield cracks with it. If I do, usually the enemies are aware of me and find cover. At that point I pack up sheila and push. If enemies are not in the open, or are aware of me, I don't bother with Sheila and use a mid/long range weapon to open the fight and deal high damage from afar. I never play rampart without a long range weapon because if I have to be too near to open a fight, my walls become less useful (they are not a great reactive ability).

As a proactive legend, Rampart requires making good rotation decisions and understanding where teams have dropped and where they are likely to rotate towards. If you can position yourself in a fight so that you can be sure that there is not team behind you, it allows you to leave your walls up. You can then mount an assault by placing a wall, dealing damage, moving to the next cover, placing another wall, dealing damage, etc. It's a very methodical way of pushing a fight and the good thing about it is that it allows an easy retreat. Probably less reward than jumppadding onto a team, but definitely less risk, and in  a BR this is not a bad thing. Of course, when you have really gained an upper hand in the fight by downing one or two players, it's useful to have another legend that can close the gap quickly. This is my biggest issue with rampart, sometimes you are left a bit behind and you have done a lot of damage, but can't quite finish the fight. This is why a passive I keep suggesting on here would be to be able to get a small speed boost when jumping through an amped wall.
