The history of existing socialism often gets slammed even by leftists who are uncritical and unaware of the material and political conditions of the time, and use the 'authoritarian' excuse as a way to garner sympathy and respect from bourgeois peers as if to say "no no I agree Lenin and Mao were both satan incarnate!! but we're not like those pinko commie scum!!' as you talk about erasure, you're using bourgeois lies and propaganda to slander, erase, and minimize the struggles, failures, and successes of socialist states that actually were able to bring it into existence instead of talk about it on the internet. Yeah they faced a lot of challenges and made a lot of mistakes, but they also unquestionably made massive strides in improving the material conditions and lives of their people. Classically communist countries see massive leaps in literacy, education, healthcare, and reductions in homelessness, and ''authoritarian'' revolutions like Cuba's did not "crush" democracy, there WAS no democracy under Batista, Castro was strictly and objectively better in every possible way than murderous right wing ACTUAL authoritarianism supported by the USA. There was no democracy under the Kuomintang or the Tsar. These were underdeveloped, oppressed, pre-industrial countries that were already suffering famines and poverty that later got conveniently blamed on Communists who objectively made their lives better but all any liberal can think about is ""but what about the newspapers!?!? Do the Fascist right wing scum that oppressed and murdered these people get their newspapers and their liberties to be murderous fascists??" Meanwhile as these countries were forced to catch up to the rest of the developed world from scratch, without an empire or colonial slave subjects to exploit for labor, they had to constantly and heavily militarize to fight off counter-revolutionary imperialism like the White Army. They were in a brutal situation where suffering was inevitable no matter who was in charge and got some good results in a lot of places, in a lot of ways.

I think most people who don't have scholarly interest in 20th century communism on either side should just stop talking about it imo. There is so, so, SO much that people can and do get wrong because they pay no attention whatsoever to the political and economic context of these countries and instead peddle their own country's brainwashing about how Mao killed 200 billion people.
