UPDATE MESSAGE FROM ME, MOE UNZ: I have always been honest with you, our beloved fans and customers. Other lesser snus shops would have remained quiet but the SnusCentral community deserves more. Now that the situation is contained, I want to present the facts and sincerely apologize.

The vast majority of you were unaffected and unaware of what I am about to tell you. No orders placed since late last week are affected.

For those who were affected, two weeks ago or so, SnusCentral was performing a massive backend software upgrade and one of our servers crashed during the process. (This was NOT the fault of me, Moe Unz, BTW).

The server crashing during the upgrade took out our Customer Service and Order Processing ability. Almost every system affected has been back up and running (for the most part) for a little over a week BUT had resulted in a backlog of 90 orders from back then and Customer Service being overwhelmed with emails they were unable to respond to.

The backlogged orders should already have been shipped; current orders are unaffected. Customer Service is prioritizing the email backlog and is responding as quickly as possible. If you haven't received a reply or your order yet, it is not because you are being ignored. (Just to repeat, I Moe Unz had nothing to do this. I was in HR training that week).

When I discover why the server failed and which vendor was responsible, I will travel to their offices and beat them with my broom on both of our behalves.

We are more sorry than I can express in English for the inconvenience and our IT Team has been and is continuing to work around the clock to get everything working like clockwork again.

Customer service is continuing to work through the email backlog as their systems come back online. Order Processing &amp; Shipping has been back online. We have brought in additional support from our other websites to manually check the new code for bugs and help out processing orders. Please bear with us!

Best Regards/Bästa hälsningar/Med venlig hilsen,

MOE UNZ Legendary Swedish Snus Lord and Manager of the Snus Shop at SnusCentral.com
