The Gnostic sect of early Christians had in one case, which may not have been widely accepted even among them, postulated that the creator in the OT was actually a lesser God. Named Saklas (may not be the exact spelling), this creator deity was extremely jealous and unaware that he himself had been created by a higher God. This, it seems, was an attempt to explain why the god of the OT seemed to be such a stark contrast to the God that Jesus was proclaiming. 

In order to rectify the situation, the One True God sent Jesus to properly teach the lessons mankind was *supposed* to receive and apply. 

This wasn't an accepted view by the larger church at the time and pretty much died out within a short period of time. I think that the Gnostic view was pretty weak and didn't really align with accepted Jewish theology in the first place. But it does propose an interesting concept that sought to explain why God had been so 'punishment' oriented in the OT.

I think the main flaw is that Jesus wasn't violating the spirit of Mosaic Law (which, apparently to Gnostics,  Saklas had given), even though he seemed to violate the letter of it (a view called Legalism). In fact, it shows a refinement of the existing Law and shows how that Law is fulfilled by loving your neighbor as you love yourself.

I know I'm not really talking about the main point OP raised, but all this tangentially shows support even within the early Christian community for a similar point of view in regards to God being a lower deity than a greater God.

But let's say God is below a greater God and the Bible doesn't reveal this. I don't think that it would change anything substantially because we're supposed to have a relationship with the God we've been given. It may potentially be that the Mormon view of each planet having its own God is true, but even still, those aren't the gods we're dealing with.

However, you don't really go to hell just because of what you believe, but rather what you do. Except, since what you do is informed by what you believe, you're far more likely to do things that you aren't supposed to. Ultimately God wants you to have good relationships with Him, others, and yourself. You accomplish this by following the teachings He has given to us. If you don't believe God exists and therefore don't believe you should act in the best interests of everyone, up to and including your enemies, then you aren't as likely to fulfill the expectations God has for the people He will ultimately bring along into the new creation.

Adding to that, you're going to get a second shot at all this during the Milennium Kingdom, as we all will. After the rapture and the tribulations God will resurrect all flesh to live under the reign of Jesus for a thousand years. During that time you'll leave Heaven or Hell and have a chance to accept God's authority. You'll be able to see Jesus in the flesh and decide then whether or not you still disbelieve. (This is according to Revelations)
