If he is already attracted to you there isn't anything you need to do to tease him. Trust me, he is always aware of your presence, what you are wearing, the scent of any perfume you use and so on. He will be teased just by seeing you.

However, you can stimulate him "accidentally", by which I mean on purpose in a way that appears to be an accidental. You can leave one button of your blouse open as if you missed buttoning it when getting dressed. Or like it just came undone on its own. You can drop something on the floor in front of him and bend down to pick it up. This does not have to be obvious, like in porn. Any movements you make that are somewhat out of the ordinary will catch his eye and trigger his imagination.

I once had a friend at work stop by my desk and crouch down to remove something from a briefcase or bag. I can't remember if she had missed a button or if she was just wearing a loose fitting summer top. But from my sitting position I could see almost her entire chest and stomach. She had on a cute lace bra, I recall that much. I was very turned on but she seemed unaware of what she was showing or what I was thinking. You can tease your boss with that kind of "accident".

If he sees you leaving the bathroom buttoning up your top or looking a bit flushed, he'll wonder if you were touching yourself. Same thing if he sees your hand in your lap but his view of what you might be touching is blocked. Keep his mind occupied with you. "Was she pinching her nipple just now or absentmindedly adjusting her blouse?" "Is it my imagination or did she just look at my bulge and lick her lips?" "No panty lines? No sign of a bra strap across her back? Is she not wearing any underwear today?" Things like that.

Here in the US you would have to be careful to not appear to be trying to tease him. Your business culture might be different, but you do not want to force him to reprimand you again. He may be required to report you to his superiors if he thinks you are breaking the rules. Therefore, you have to coax him into crossing that line first. Let him say the wrong thing or act in an inappropriate way before you do. At least here that would give you a legal advantage if the situation ever reached that point. But as I said, it might work differently over there.

No matter what though, always turn down his advances. What I'm suggesting is for you to make him confused, anxious and frustrated. You want him to think about you day and night, but never know for sure if you're trying to seduce him or just very sexy and unaware of your effect on him. Leaving him guessing will drive him crazy. He will convince himself when he masturbates that you do want to have sex with him, but will never be able to believe that the rest of the day.
