 Before I give my advice I want to let you know that you're not alone. I've been here too before in the past. It took me meeting my partner to realize that all of this stuff was in my control. No one outside of myself controls my actions or reactions. I have much love for you and I know that if I can fix all this kind of stuff then so can you....now on to the advice &lt;3

Most people have a list of things to fix in their homes.

**So why do so few have a list of things to fix in their life?**

Because they're not intimate &amp; attentive with their life, the way they are with their house.

Understand that just like a home, your life has never-ending renovations that can be made. And more importantly... it likely has issues that need to be resolved, ASAP.

In a home, these issues are obvious because we live in our house, and interact with all parts of it often. In your life, these things are obvious as well-- but only if you're doing the daily work. Only if you're deeply involved with improving your life. Only if you interact with all parts of your life often.

**That means you can't ignore nutrition, mental health, or your feelings Or mistreat your husband. Or fail to set boundaries with kids. You need to be interacting with all these areas, regularly.**

In a house, if you never go near the kitchen, you won't know the fridge stopped working until the food rots. In life, if you never improve your beliefs, you won't know if your mood is causing problems, or your environment, or what until life gets even worse.

If you don't have a home remodeling list, you'll live in a broken-down, ramshackle place for years to come. And if you don't have a life remodeling list, you'll live in a terrible cluster-f\*\*k life.

**So pay attention to your life and write down a list of things to "remodel" about it.**

If you write down the list correctly you'll have hundreds of things to work on. Do not get overwhelmed. This is a blessing!  
It means you have a lot of freedom of choice. You have an abundance of options. You can wake up and work on a few easy ones today.

Like switching to half a bagel for breakfast. Or putting your child on their own for ten more minutes.  
Easy, gentle improvements. But you have access to them because they were somewhere in your list of hundreds.

Or you have the freedom to wake up and tackle a "big one". Like setting up a whole gym schedule. Or going to couples therapy.

The point is, all of us, myself included still, have many things we'd like to improve in our lives. The ones who feel good are the ones who are making real, lasting, permanent, improvements, bit by bit, day by day. The ones who feel good are the ones who take an honest look at themselves and improve whatever we can from our list of frustrations, one by one. With a calm, loving approach.

The people who feel like crap are the ones who refuse to make a list, refuse to work on at least one thing a day, and choose to stay stuck and unaware of their momentum.

I know you can do it. It just takes the commitment and practice to improve yourself. I believe in you. Wishing you much joy and success.

*\~love, Cyn*
