&gt; a) You’re really just splitting hairs there.

You essentially called us uneducated and ignorant of why we hold the convictions we do. I'm not about to play nice or pull punches.


&gt;b) Neither do leftists.

Unless you can prove that, it's only an opinion. There is proof they do base their observations on reality however. The materialism in dialectical materialism isn't just there to sound fancy. 


&gt;c) If you think about Marx’s ideas for more than a minute, it becomes apparent that they’re bullshit.

If you only spent a minute thinking about it, then you didn't get it. Dedicating a minute to understanding Marx is like completing your final exam in 20 minutes.


&gt; Supposedly, there will be a workers’ revolution eventually that will be the end of capitalism,

And there were. And capitalism was replaced with communism in those countries. Some only for time, true. But capitalism ended all the same. 


&gt; but also, people don’t rise up against their “oppressors” because they are subject to a “false consciousness” or some other nonsense. 

I don't recall seeing that in any Marx, although having read him in French, it's probable the translation phrased things differently. Although quoting two random terms without the rest of the sentence or even the paragraph knowing Marx and Engels is just asking to misunderstand.


&gt; So if there is a revolution, Marx was right and if there isn’t a revolution, Marx was also right. That’s a little sus.

Marx never claimed to know the future. He just said that in order to overthrow the oppressors and their economy, it would most likely happen by revolution. Decades of treating workers like an expendable ressource with conditions getting worse and worse would eventually lead to said workers to revolt. That time would come when they consider that they have nothing left to lose. Make someone feel like their life is worthless and they won't hesitate to sacrifice it for a chance at something better. The indian farmers that marched on New Delhi and essentially laid siege to the town are an example of this. It's like putting water on the stove and turning on the heat. Eventually the water will boil. It's inevitable.
