&gt;NAEP’s percentage of proficient readers (37%) could be easily explained by *regional differences.*

So, again it's inequalities by region

&gt;Although demographic
data was not collected for this study, the freshman demographics for the university where the study was conducted
suggest that approximately half of students are white and
half are African-American. These two groups have NAEP
12th grade Reading Proficiency rates of 46% and 17% respectively, averaging 32% as found in the present study.

*and again, by region and gentrification.* 

&gt;However, as previously noted, only 69% of graduating seniors went straight to college in 2015 [2], suggesting that
54% of college freshmen should be proficient readers, assuming that all NAEP Proficient readers attend college. The
present finding that reading proficiency is closer to the high
school rate than the projected college rate could reflect a self-selection effect whereby the most proficient readers attend
schools with more stringent admissions criteria on standardized tests

*And, yet again* by the data's own admission, the problem is not the lack of education but the existence of self selection. 

&gt;Britain suffered setbacks and decline alongside Europe

None of which are superpower status problems. 

From your own source:

&gt;Public Health England’s review identified some of the factors contributing to slowing improvements in life expectancy: increasing numbers of older people vulnerable to flu and other winter risks, slowing improvements in mortality from heart disease and stroke, widening inequalities and rising death rates from accidental poisoning among younger adults (mainly due to drug misuse). It noted that the slowdown in mortality improvements is occurring across much of the population, at a time when health and social care services have been facing increasing demand and unprecedented financial pressures.

&gt;Inequality is another problem America needs to solve 

*no shit sherlock.* We've been talking about this for a decade and a half now if not more. Thomas Piketty wrote entire books on it. The other thing he pointed out was that China is fast approaching the US' levels of inequality. 

Inequalities are hallmarks of quick, un-restraines growth. They're not indicative of a lack of superpower capabilities.  https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/usappblog/2019/04/06/income-inequality-is-growing-fast-in-china-and-making-it-look-more-like-the-us/

&gt;America got a score of a C-

Exactly. It's going up, and it was still ranked 13th despite having some of, if not the most besides Canada untamed wilderness of all OECD countries. Of course Belgium being the size of New York State is going to have better infrastructure. 

&gt;America was indisputably the world powerhouse

Are you kidding me? This is just painfully ignorant. The US was the world setter in financial trends, but even still London was crucial.

Despite this, the American military, Navy and Land wise was atrocious. They routinely under spent. They signed promises to not increase their Navy at the london conference, which is why *Japan* not the US at the time of WW2 had the largest Navy in the pacific. 

Not only that, but the 1920s was an abberation. The 1910s prior to WW1 America wasn't a boom town, nor was the 1930s or early 40s. By the late 60s it already had roughly stablized and people were worried about stagnation in the early 70s. 


It is idiotic beyond measure to imagine that "All roads lead to America" was somehow the source of the geopolitical power. The Soviet Bloc in 1950 had the second largest GDP in the world. It didn't trade with Americans. And yet France and the UK nearly surpassed it combined. 

The American geopolitical power comes, like all things do, from a complicated origin but a significant part is heavy, *heavy* access to trade, and the capability to enforce said trade with a large Navy presence. 

China used this strategy earlier to develop, and is doing it now with their coastguard to utilize the straits of Malacca while creating SCS islands and reefs and ensuring they have Icebreakers with the Russians.

&gt;Status quo is fine

You're not American are you? 
Americans have never once regarded the status quo as fine by any political view, by any politican or by any means. 

If the status quo was fine, Trump wouldn't have lowered corporate tax rates and withdraw from. Trade deals for a "better deal" and Biden wouldn't be investing in Infrastructure. No one is saying It's "fine." 

What they're saying is simple - America remains the sole country in the world with the Population, Capital, Education, Natural resources and barriers, alongside trade access to both the Pacific and atlantic oceans. 

China cannot trade with Europe and Asia simultaneously from either coast. America is one of the few that can. 

I'm sorry but this reeks of amateurish, unaware, and plain ignorant analysis of a complicated topic.
