For me, it was a mix of things over the past year or two. I was raised Catholic but throughout high school came to denounce it amidst my depression and anxiety. Last February sparked a bunch of bad things for me, relating to depression and whatnot. Honestly the pandemic didn’t worsen it, but other things related to that made it worse. It was to the point where it was basically pointless.

During the months and months of quarantine, I got really into history, some philosophy, reading some books, etc etc. 

I realized that essentially (and I admit this relates specifically to Christianity or religion in general)
1.) I had this idea that all past eras/generations were dumber than us, and assumed that their faith and religion was just them being dumb and ignorant of the “true carelessness” of the world. Learning more of history and philosophy and theology made me realize that all my atheistic arguments were pretty answerable or the lack of answers was explainable by theology and such.

2. those people of the past were not dumb at all, and these arguments I had have basically been explained away since the first few centuries AD.

3. The Bible is Literature, and not every detail should be taken literally, and the writers of both the Old and New Testament knew that some of the things they were writing were contradictory/easily proved wrong. Likewise, the Gospels dont all line up, but thats not cuz the writers made a mistake, its cuz they knew there were inconsistencies and had reasons for making them. 

That was the first part. So after kinda getting thru the personal ignorance and misunderstanding parts, I realized that my depression was almost born out of some of the fundamental themes of religion: Beauty and Love. Knowing that one of the most fundamental and indisputable messages of the Bible is “Love thy neighbor” showed me that the Bible is not about hate and is really, fundamentally, about treating the world well and loving everyone else on it. Evil exists, yes, and suffering exists, but even the Son of God himself was crucified. No one makes it out wonderfully. 

My older brother also helped me to realize that all this beauty, emotion, and love is something so.... divine and beautiful that it cannot be fully explained. And he taught me how science and religion are NEVER in conflict; nothing from science has proved the Bible wrong, and being Christian does not mean you have to denounce science, including evolution, vaccines, etc.

Another problem I had with Christianity was like, the anti-LGBTQ+ messages and accepting slavery and other ideas that went against treating all people fairly and equally. But I came to realize that there are arguments based in history that show why these things are in the Bible.. Essentially, God does not want to just make us all good and perfect, he wants us to choose that; In order to willingly get people to follow and accept him in history, part of that meant conforming only some of their ways of life. God never speaks of slavery and being against LGBTQ+ as the right way, but the Bible’s hints of it are products of it being a historical piece of Literature. Slavery was a custom for civilization when the Old Testament was written, so it would not have been questioned back then. Not everything from the Bible should necessarily be taken as Gods word. Like yes, it all is holy but that doesn’t mean the specifics apply today. If they did, then slavery would be allowed, clothes made out of more than one material would be sinful, and we should be making more regular animal sacrifices. But we don’t, and the Vatican isn’t saying we SHOULD. Again, I bring it all down to Jesus’s fundamental lesson to being a good Christian: “Love thy neighbor.” and by loving everyone around you, you also show your love for God. Just be nice and love everyone. Expel hate.

Finally, I took a theology class and read some CS Lewis books that cemented all this and closed off any final gaps in reason. The theology class explained Genesis, the customs of the church, and tied up the loose ends. One of these was the fact that the Church itself isn’t sinful, but that’s cuz the Church is essentially the connection to God, while everyone, including the pope, priests, and all the regular people, are just members of the church. The members of the church are sinful and can easily be evil. Many priests have committed horrible acts, including pedophiliac acts amongst other things.   The church is separate from its sinful members. All the people who are hating LGBTQ+, believe in hate and hating other religions, saying Islam is dangerous—they are not following that fundamental lesson of Loving thy neighbor. The history of the Church is one of sin and hate— countless persecutions, murders, etc. But that does not mean these people were doing the right thing. Any act of hate is an act against the Bible. Jesus taught Love, and any act— whether it be hating one political group, a race, a sexuality, another religion, etc. is against the Bible. There is no excuse. Forgiveness and Love are the idea. Even the most evil people are to be treated with love and kindness and forgiveness. Learning about certain personal stories taught me this— people who forgave murderers of loved ones; people who showed love and changed them; people who were reformed by love, etc. When you break it all down, its about unrelenting and unconditional Love for all humans, and with that comes all beauty and glory of life; This revelation is what came to me to believe in God and become a faithful person, even though I may not agree with the actions of many people in the same church as I am.
