There's a part of you called your body, it has one main desire. Your body simply wants to not die.

You develop a very elaborate survival strategy in order to make sure that you don't die. Before you right before you die you will start to feel bad, or look bad or you'll become unwise and unaware of something. So your body's figured out that it's really good to feel good, look good and be wise and aware.

But aside from simply wanting to not die, there's a part of you that wants to experience all of the wonderful things that life has to offer. Specifically, this other part of you wants to experience the freedom to cause and create the experience of love, peace and joy for others and yourself.

The issue is, your body's desire to make sure it doesn't die can work against your other desires to really enjoy life. The easiest example to see is that you cannot be really mad and angry at the same time you're being peaceful and filled with joy.

God knew this about people. And so one of the things that he did was he gave us away to become really good at living a life filled with love peace and joy. And become really good at making the body take a backseat to our desires that mean the most to us.

Because some people are bothered when they hurt other people, or bothered when they make really bad mistakes, or bothered because they really just don't like who they are anymore... God gave us a way to let past events stay in the past. It's called forgiveness. 

If you can forgive yourself and those around you for all the crap that's happened in your past, it gives you an opportunity to start to walk into a future that's filled with the love peace and joy that we all desire.

Walking into this future, requires believing that it's possible that you walk into a future filled with love peace and joy. Cuz obviously, if you don't believe it's possible you're not going to be able to do anything about it. And believing that it's possible to walk into a meaningful future is what faith is all about. And Faith here simply means doing something that you think is possible.

Christianity is all about setting up structures so that everything that I just listed can be practiced, learned and walked in successfully. And, as with all things when humans get involved, sometimes you'll find pockets of great success and you'll find pockets of miserable failures within Christianity itself. But that is the nature of what it is to be human.

&gt;And an after life it makes no sense you're dead how can you still live on to do things?

What you're referring to, would be like and unto how a Christian would de-emphasize our natural desire to want to not die, so that we can emphasize our spirits desire to experience love peace and joy. The way we say it in Christian terms is this...

"It is no longer I that live, but Christ that lives within me."

It is no longer my body that's going to rule over my life, but it is Christ's desire that I live a life filled with love peace and joy... That lives within me.
