It's not better to sit around, hands folded and silent, that's not at all what I said is it? I literally said i counter his bigotry.

The point was that my opposition to him just drives us apart, so I see him less, therefore I get less of a chance to counter him, all the while he gets more stubborn, close minded and conservative.

I could work my ass trying to covert someone like him but he's in his bubble and will hear so many more voices reinforcing his views rather than opposing them, I have very little chance to make a difference with him.

I'm not saying it's like this all the time, but it's a common real world problem, and I'm not claiming to have a solution either. It is worth trying, but opposition does not always work, and can be even more polarising and distancing.

I don't think the other movements you mentioned went smooth, I did not say that either. But they weren't necessarily won by convincing people's dads were they? Not necessarily even close friends. Much of the progress was achieved in public, in front of TV cameras, with like minded people protesting and lobbying. The civil rights movement wasn't exactly won by having stern words with our mates.

Many of the changes you list occurred INSPITE of people's friends and family opposing them, and continuing to opposite oppose them until their last breaths. Just think how many racists and homophobes took their bigotry to the grave? They weren't reformed at all!

I actually disagree with you're point about hearing it from the black man or women, hearing it direct from people that experience it is actually often more powerful, when it's an ally then it's very easy for someone else to dismiss then as self righteous and ignorant of the things they claim to support. It can go either way, hearing it secondary from close family and first hand from strangers is worth trying! I'm just saying it often doesn't work.

I don't actually have much of a chance to speak to any of these people, all the people I know and like and interact with tend to be very much in tune with my beliefs, and I rarely encounter someone I disagree with, only the occasion estranged family member, so I literally have very little power, and the world doesn't need more white cis guys going into politics...
