Honestly all of the Genuinely Really Interesting, Attention Seizing Anomalies get  Blotted out almost instantly after getting Spotted and Analyzed by what I'm sure is a team of at least  a half dozen to a dozen very keen eyed Analyst's making Absolutely Damned sure they don't leave a single questionable Anomalys object or anything they cannot wave off saying is a weather Ballon or flare or some shit so as to not strike up and initiate a single more Conspiracy theory or Crack Pot idea about the already Insanely Mysterious Planet that we call Home.... if you scan/comb through certain questionable areas you can sometimes see  a repeating texture pattern that's discernable from the surrounding landscape that can't just be dismissed as Dust on the camera lens or Camera Malfunction BS like NASA is Infamous for with all of the ISS Live Feed  cutouts every time something Peculiar enters frame and they cut the Feed saying it's a technical Malfunction.... it's like  "Really Motherfuckers!?! Each and every one of those Cameras are what? Something like 10 Million a piece, a Gazillion Megapixals capable of zooming in on one of my Ass Hairs with you allll the way up there.... and me Allll the way down here.... but  you're telling me it Malfuntioned/Stopped working because of some faulty wiring or dusty lenses or some garbage like that that today's absolute most shit Camera Cell wouldn't get shut off by but it rendered all of your equipment completely useless to the point you had to Cut each and every single Live Feed camera's you had pointed that specific direction that initial one was pointing....? Common gimme a fricken break.... That's just about as believable as when someone tries saying that "We truly are the one and only intelligent life forms within our Universe/Observable Galaxy" or some other Absolutely Fricken Ridiculous statement such as that.... 
NASA Has become the Kings and Queens of Misinformation and Discrediting plausible information sources regarding Astronomical  Anomalies Spotted by Amatour Telescope owners taking pictures with their 50-70 thousand dollar personal setups they have gotten themselves setup in their backyards all because either  A)It wasn't you who released the information to the public.... or B) you're shitting your pants because of the fact alone of how insanely many more people that have been completely oblivious and unaware of the happenings around our planet/within our societies are finally starting to open their eyes, wake up and smell that their coffee mugs have been getting filled with the same Horse Shit their holes lives and now their wanting the Real Information/Top Shelf Cava Beans instead of the garbage we've been getting spoon fed our whole lives....
