&gt;That's passage is helpful for determining an appropriate approach to unbelievers in evangelism.

I would submit that *every relationship is evangelism for the Christian*\--to the believer (Heb 10:24) and unbeliever (1 Pet 2:9-).

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;But does it really help us answer the original question about friendship with unbelievers?  I don't see how it does, other than the need to be humble and gracious when speaking about the gospel to them.

Then you didn't pay close enough attention to u/ktvietnam's original reply. u/ktvietnam has a non-Christian friend who's behavior has convinced u/ktvietnam that this friend is *not an enemy of God.* You rightly challenged that conclusion, but you didn't deal with the apparent contradiction that u/ktvietnam is struggling with: How can we call non-believers enemies of God when so many of them know we are his followers, and they still accept us as friends? 

The reason is because these non-Christians have been "suppressing the truth" (Rom 1:18) their whole lives, and so they grow up blind and ignorant of their sins (Rom 1:21-22). Some do so actively (like the Pharisees) because they hate the truth they see in God's law, and other passively (like the Athenians) because they grew up without the Scriptures; but ultimately both are enemies because they do not glorify God as they know they ought to (Rom 1:19-20).

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;But how to speak to them is a very different matter than whether or not unbelieving Athenians can be our close friends.

When considering friendships, it helps to understand that even the most well-meaning non-believer is blind, and following their example will end in destruction (Luke 6:39). At the same time, Jesus took pity on the blind and lost, and shared the gospel with them rather than simply destroying them as enemies. 

I believe this is the stance we are to take take towards friendships with non-believers: We must guard ourselves against following their example and practices, but when God gives us non-Christian family or neighbors, we are to share the light of the gospel through our lives and words. We should not automatically treat them as enemies (how could we keep "love thy neighbor as thyself" if we did?), but strive to live at peace while avoiding any bond (marriage, partnerships, etc.) that would  be likely to bond us in sin.
