#  THRIVE, MLM, My Experience, Disgust for Those That Dream? Murderer(s?), My opinion.... 

I think I have some perspective on this topic. I can’t understand why people are so judgmental and emotional about Thrive and MLMs  in general. Can’t wrap my head around it.  MLMs are predatory for the most part- one of the reasons is that the "employees" who market, sell and to some degree brand the product are virtually unregulated and often time unqualified to make any profit more than once. However, IF a service or product that is marketed and distributed through an MLM structure is presented by a knowledgeable rep who is willing to respond honestly to questions AND admit when they don't have the answer then find the real answer for a potential customer... THEN the MLM itself is serving its purpose: to provide a platform to market their product (your pitch, testimony, social media post or email etc), a means of continually feeding the prospective customer pool (your social media and natural connections in life), and a system of product delivery (your product for samples and “parties”, your “website”, mail-order through you). No hard there, right? Few but some MLM brand offer quality products that are effective and or enjoyable. 

In my opinion. 

Even if all MLMs are pure evil, let’s just say they are, it is curious that so many people express distain and disgust, emotions that are generally reserved for rapists, murderers, ego-centric, a-holes and certain in-laws, for people that find themselves drawn into the illusion MLMs have nearly perfected over the past 50 years that proposes then promises an ideal, satisfying career, better health or a more comfortable lifestyle. Why is this so… terrible? Why should we be disgusted by a person inspired by decent career and life goals companies like le-vel provide and then mark with a sales figure bullseye “consultants” are repeatedly told they CAN and WILL reach? What is strongly communicated in that message but not explicitly stated is “if you aren’t successful with us, there’s something wrong with YOU”.

I myself got involved with 3 MLMs over the past 14 years ranging from offering total BS products to offering high quality products by nearly anyone's standards AND transparency in product formulation and business structure and compensation plan. Not all MLMs are the same. The first I got into was high pressure, unrealistic sales pitch scripts reps were ordered to repeat by making 100 calls a day. The company still exists. It’s a scam for sure. Everyone that hangs around for more than 6 months finds this out. Lots of suckers in this MLM’s wake. 

The second was a niche product line and it was fine and your potential "in the company was oversold", but what new recruits are told is no different than what your "upline", your boss and others you may need to answer to in any company, would tell you when you start the job. Companies want new employees (or consultants) to be invested in the company’s mission and success. All successful (and unsuccessful) companies want their employees -at all levels- to be excited and committed to doing a good job in their role in the organization. So this second MLM offered an OK product and the founders and a couple other’s in the company were way to jazzed about. Fine. No reason for distain or disgust. 

The third MLM I "did", I figured somethings out. I liked the product a lot and did my research for 10 months to be exact. Leading up to my dive into this MLM, I was substitute teaching with this idea of deciding if I REALLY wanted to go back to school as a single mother to earn my Master’s Degree to become a Special Education Teacher. I had a history of starting big things and not completing them. (Is this a hallmark of typical MLM enthusiasts? I’m asking.) I decided to try this MLM out full on while subbing. I made the decision and  I did it 100% (the MLM and I earned that Master’s Degree and best job ever as a teacher). I can report that as a consultant in this MLM  I made  darn good money. I made enough to pay for my first year of grad school! I made very good money for exactly 4 months. And then I left the MLM pyramid. By design. If I stayed on and did as well as I did in month 3 when I got to month 5, 6, 7 and on… my monthly net income would have decrease by 400%.  Prior to enrolling, prior to getting onboarded, prior to the team calls and trainings and purchasing a $200 consultant kit and an $800 “fast track to manager package” I could see that this company's commission structure was HEAVILY front loaded to reward “consultants” who were ready and willing to jump into business buildin  knees first. The commission plan immediately rewarded eager entrepreneurs with money in hand. Fast trackers with money to hand-over in exchange for product. Product for prospective clients to sample, more product to use myself so I could “sell it”, and more product… enough product to throw a "party", to throw MANY parties filled with friends trying my stuff and… the limited front-loaded commission plan quickly rewarded newbies willing to sign-up everyone they know within the first month. I made sure I could do the things the seemingly generous commission plan required of me and I made damn sure I would do them. I did the things.  And I made good money. And I swore I would gracefully say "later" after 4 months. I did that too. I had to really. 

Unless I fancied myself as being one of the statistically improbable and nearly impossible .00002% of motivated new "consultants" who would earn a 6 figure income pedaling the product, I had to close shop 4 months in. 

I personally believe that something like what I finally did, the third time around, is the only way a new consultant will make a real profit (not gross profit). The vast majority of inspired consultants end up being suckered. 

Next disclosure, I tried Thrive. The whole experience. I still use a DFT and Boost (has lots of greens) and one of the hydration drinks that contains potassium that I personally need to take in some absorbable form for health reasons. I think the products are effective in supplementing nutrients my body needs and THRIVES on... but that's MY body. Not everyone's body will have this experience. This is important: Recommending one blanket nutritional program and energy supplement for everyone is dangerous and irresponsible. 

Just my opinion. 

Whatever my opinion may be, to blame Thrive supplement's ingredients for any of the dysfunction and psychopathology that exists in the Watt's story is kind of ridiculous unless you are willing to conduct the research needed to validate such a claim… and still it’s kind of a ridiculous hypothesis to attempt to prove. Anyone can say anything, literally anything about any product, any person, any mom doing her best and still screwing up at times. Like we all do in life… over and over again. We do the wrong things, we say the worng things and it’s freaking hard. At some point we learn life’s lessons, if we are lucky, and we do more right things and say less crewed up words. Hopefully. There are many words folks tend to say about the Watt's murders. There are many words said that are by nature not allowed all at once. The words are still said. There are many words said about Shanann and her life and Thrive. To my ears, those words frequently sound cracking and lacking and uninformed and unaware of how gross they sound to others. Those words that people keep say about the Watts and a mother and a young woman trying to find her best self are as arbitrary and nonsensical as feeling distain and disgust for a person doing the “MLM thing”. It makes no sense to have disdain and disgust for a person with inspiration that was sparked as they listened to the script an MLM spun for anyone listening. MLMs spend the lion's share of their money perfecting a nicely packaged promise that can sound like a promise made to you that assures your future will be made of the dreams you've held for yourself for a lifetime ... because you sell their shit their way.
