*Feel free to delete this comment if it is too much. I cannot proofread because my laptop is peeling off in my hand from all the time I spent typing.*  


It is something so deep, that it cannot really be explained, but recovery looks different to so many. Some have strong opinions but there are also people who just want her to live and some who would rather just push out of spite. Pretending to be concerned. I go through a cycle of grief over and over but I literally think I too would fear if I did not know that I have rights. I don't need my mom to fix it if I am stuck. Knowing what you are able to say no to will help. I think that recovery should be a choice that Eugenia can choose. I mean her mom fought "for her" and now that fear is stronger and I can only imagine if I were in her situation, fear is eating her up. I don't see this relapse as much of a choice, but closing up hope inside. She used to see a different way. I know there is no way that she is able to make decisions on her own. I know her situation is worse than ever because of little things she may not be aware of. If I thought I did not have a choice and my mom was the one who got me out and all i have now is haters and my mom to help me out of my confusion I'd give up inside. Eugenia can fight and choose. She does not need her mom unless she chooses to make her mom guardian. I think that no human being would just cause themselves to suffer so much just for the supposed glory. If she wanted help how would she get it anyway? How would she get it when she does not know if she is in a conservatorship herself. What if she wanted out of something different but we couldn't see it. Education may be a way. I got my own rights back. I was my moms paycheck and I did not know it. I thought I had no rights and i never had any idea somebody got my own paycheck and was supposed to use this to feed me. I was unable to feed or clothe myself according to the people I reached out too to ask what certain things mean. They couldn't talk to me. I somehow gave my rights up and that is so easily done and it is not just celebrities, but it sure took a celebrity to reveal how tons of people are living now. dependent and unaware that mom doesn't want to allow daughter to grow up how she wants. My laptop is peeling off as i type. Wow if that is not a sign I should slow down.
