To me it sounds clear you want some action and get away from the routine; you put a gun at your head to feel some thrill of doing something.

Your friend got murdered yet that motivated you, that's the right call, but now, it's been some time, and you lost your purpose, you've lost the thrill and the fear, you have nothing but void positivity, and people tell you should be grateful; but people don't thrive in peace, people thrive in conflict; even your own biology is designed to deal with constant physical stress and that builds your heart, makes you healthy, and makes you stronger; which is why exercise is so healthy; but also your mind, it wants trouble, it wants something broken to fix, to live for; we were designed for the dangers of the brutal nature, we need conflict.

Make you wonder why people play videogames, watch movies, etc... where their characters lives miserably, or has some big trouble to fix, they identify with such character, despite living lives that are nothing alike; doesn't that express the desires of a person?...

Do you know why people say "man of action", yes, there's a reason behind that, you wanted to save the world and then here you are, just working, doing nothing truly meaningful for your community; that is going to drive you crazy, of course it is.

You don't need someone to be nice to you, you don't need drugs to take your wish for action away, you don't need someone to tell you there's something wrong with you.

You need to go out there and save the world, or at least your world.

So now you have two pills to take, you can either take the blue pill and go the standard path, quench this desire for action with drugs, convinced and unaware that what drove you crazy was this lacking, and attack the symptoms rather than the cause of the disease, to become a happy little cog of society.

Or you can pursue this wish of yours, get out of your comfort zone that has been imposed by society, and save the world; it will not be easy, it will be stressful,  you will cry, you will laugh, you will feel everything there is to feel; and that will make you strong, you will also exercise, every day, to ensure your body follows your mind. So how do you save the world you ask me?... or how do you save your world?... well, you are an engineer, you are already the holder of some of the most brilliant talent in the world, and most people waste their talent, just following orders, so make your own, innovate, there's so many problems in the world that need engineering solutions, and some of these problems are for you to fix, and there's so much money to be made in these markets, you could be making a living off this, but that's up to you to decide, because that's a big risk, just ask risky as going 120mph on the highway, but this is the real deal.

So choose a path.
