&gt; I agree that intentions matter, and if it was an accident, and he apologized for the connection drawn, I'd be OK with him continuing his job.

This is actually the part that's bothering me. I *wouldn't*. He's espousing a toxic ideology. Let's say Hitler *hadn't* killed Jews, let's say he'd only murdered millions of "pure-bred" German Christian heterosexual men.

Would that be a lesser atrocity? More to the point, is it defensible to say that the only reason people consider it a crime is because it wasn't against Black people (implying that if it were against Black people it would have been tolerated)? And even if that's true (and indeed, there is some truth to it, basically no one in the world cared that Hitler was genociding Jews *at the time*), is that a legitimate worldview to being into this century?

His ideology is toxic and hateful and ignorant of history and stupid. I don't think he means that Hitler was right to kill Jews (but I don't disagree that that's a side effect), but I don't think he should *need* to be talking about Jews for us to recognise the problem here.

He should have lost his position years ago. It shouldn't take Jews complaining and playing the victim card for him to be fired. I he could say what he said about White people, he should be allowed to say it about Jews (even though it's wrong and he shouldn't).

And on a completely *separate* note, your interpretation was just wrong and I was overzealously correcting it.

&gt; Technically true, but it doesn't matter. He is not talking about Jews in a South African context. He is talking about the Shoah.

I wasn't there, but based on the fact that he's teaching politics and based on his own political alignments, I highly doubt that he was talking about the Holocaust except tangentially. It sounds like he was talking about colonialism and decolonisation and the historical mistreatment of Black peoples. (And don't get me wrong, I'm sure he's wrong about that too).

He is speaking in his context and so what he's talking about should be interpreted in that context. You're imposing your context on it, and you should recognise that. I'll cop to being irrelevant and pedantic, but I don't know why people are treating it like I defended Hitler.
