Ok, theres alot to unpack here so bare with me.

&gt;funny you say that, as you tell me anyone who takes up a police badge is a power hungry murderer who deserves to be fricken lynched.

Well, I was sharing an exaggerated opinion. If you want my actual opinion - anyone who takes a police badge is serving the law - laws created by the government which is owned and run by corporate interest. You could be making nearly double if it werent for this corporate greed

Sources: 

STUDY: https://www.google.com/amp/s/time.com/5888024/50-trillion-income-inequality-america/%3famp=true

VIDEO:
https://seculartalk.net/2020/09/19/top-1-has-taken-50-trillion-from-bottom-90/

So what do I think they deserve? Well as an anarchist, statist pigs are my enemy. But as a progressive - I wish them as much harm as they cause others. I wish the pigs that shoot innocent people get shot at, I wish those that abused others gets abused. Most officers would deserve atleast "moderate" punishment under this criteria.

&gt;your trying to disconnect these politicians and police and company owners from the general population, so you can dehumanize them because if you convince yourself that they aren't human then you cant become as bad as they are, meaning you don't have to confront that part of yourself that is capable of commiting these atrocity's

No. Dead wrong. You have a trait that I find dreadful in people. You try to assume things about the way others think. Humans have developed a complex psychology - trying to use the logic you naturally go by to predict others who go by their own logic will never ever be 100% effective. You will never fully be able to know someone else simply because of the sheer astronomical complexity of the human psyche.

HOWEVER

I am aware that authority positions attract people with specific traits, its not that im projecting these traits onto them. Positions of power, and hierarchal structures of people will always attract the greediest of mankind. The kind of people willing to steal others prosperity and watch them all suffer. This is statistically evident, im somewhat confident you know this and I dont have to pull up a source, but I will if you ask. 

You might call me crazy but i dont think most people are willing to face the full effect of their destruction. Even if you have a shred of empathy, the weight of your sins would crush you. The only way to counter that is immense greed. Greed much more powerful than your empathy. I dont think most people could deal with the fact they are the reason 1 person is dead. Let alone hundreds, or hundreds of thousands. Or being part of the reason people are in poverty - without being also immensly greedy.



&gt;even though they are in fact human and you are also human, meaning you and I and EVERYONE is capable of doing them. if we ignore that part of ourselves we can, instead of grappling with this reality and working on ourselves to have unerodable morals to prevent us from becoming the vary thang we hate, which is too often the case.

Sorry, I disagree with the notion that we are all capable of committing attrocities based on previosly stated reasoning.

Im not exactly sure what you are saying in that last part but my mind generates a few vague ideas. If we ignore the fact we are capable of committing attrocities then we are capable of doing them?


"instead of grappling with this reality and working on ourselves to have unerodable morals to prevent us from becoming the vary thang we hate"

Unerodable morals... im fine with the idea that we can change our morality, its the part of being human. As for committing attrocities, I believe basic empathy stop most from doing it. But alot of evil that happens today is because people are too ignorant and unaware of the corruption they aid, that or live in a system where they have no other options to survive.
