&gt;And do you know how you can do it without raising racial tensions? Just say "help poor communities" (of which are most are black households) and you solved the game without getting the other side AND the people on the fence go against you.

If saying the word “reparations” causes racial tensions then there a bigger problem as well. All admit, not all lefty catchphrase are that good (lookin at you defund the police) but reparations should not invoke “racial tensions” unless they’re already thinking dubious things. 

&gt;It is when you market it like this. When you market it like this you just make racial tensions high and let the other side say "I never did a thing and now my taxes have to be taken by you?" So you wind up in an even worse situation but with a couple thousands dollars in your pocket.

What brainlet out there hears “the government owes us money” and thinks “they think every white person owes them money”? That’s a problem with the people listening, not the speaker. 

&gt;Because the money you would get are not coming from thin air, but from my pockets for something I have never done. This is a punishment for something I didn't do.

Said money which would have probably uselessly gone to the military or police. It’s not a punishment at all really unless you just don’t want it to end up with black people. 

&gt;Because I don't owe you shit. Maybe my grandpa did, but not me. You can get defensive because those are my money, who gives a shit about "the innocent party".

The problem is that when I say you, they think myself and not the government. Why are they self identifying with the government just because they collect your money to use on shit like the military? It really isn’t about you personally in the slightest, your only correlation is that it’s some of your tax. 

&gt;Not for the children born and raised by those people, that becomes the only thing you know.

I don’t think that makes it not a lifestyle, it just makes them indoctrinated and ignorant of all others. 

&gt;I am becoming a broken record, but: THOSE ARE MY MONEY. 

Again, money going to something other than the military or anything else that really could be reallocated 

&gt;Side note: you can notice that I am basically RPing being an american white middle class guy. All the things I am saying are something I would absolutely think if I was in this situation, just remember that I am chilling on the other side of the pacific.

Ik mate
