I'm thrilled you've "researched some" but that's not the same thing as understanding the issue.

You've stated like 2 facts neither of which address a justifiable reason to prevent trans individuals from participating in competitive sports. I was about to explain the variability between all athletes in everything including androgen and testosterone production, there many other athletes with medical diagnoses that are the same as well. Sport is an inherently unfair biological practice, which is why it's in every other sense fair. That's literally the point of the Olympics to use a widely recognized example. Even biological sex is not the straightforward dichotomy you are convinced it is, because we've treated thousands upon thousands of children and proven it. This is not debate in medicine, it hasn't been for many years now. The rest is your fear of what you don't understand and political grandstanding like this Florida republican bullshit they try every few years. Last time it was mandating ultrasound we already do ever since ever had ultrasound at all. These laws are capitalizing on transphobia and ignorance to score political points. Anything more i bother to explain you're just going to willfully ignore or misconstrue.

You've already made an extremely ignorant transphobic remark about a male going through all of that just to grope your daughter in an MMA ring. 

## And you think you are the one who understands the medicine enough to openly argue with the position of the American Academy of Pediatrics? And you think that sounds reasonable to you? If you say so.

&gt;I'm not against someone choosing whatever bullshit gender they choose, that's on them.

Oh and this is transphobic comment number two i was in too big a hurry to get through to notice before. But I'm certain it's wildly offensive to anyone trans the moment they see it. Trans people do not "choose" their gender. Not even going to break this down, it's self evident at this point. You think your ideas and speech are fine and no big deal like people used to think it was "choosing to be gay" among the evangelical and ignorant of the last generation.
