Eric Harris was so unintellectual and ignorant that he didn't even understand the basic teachings of the natural selection process. From his "diaries" and computer writings it is 100% clear that A) he never read Darwin, or B) he didn't understand even the basic theories and explanations if he actually read Darwin's works... 

...And both A and B here are equally embarassing for someone thinking he belonged to the übermensch category. 

Also, about the much flawed superiority ideas they had, it was either Dylan or Eric who wrote a short note on a paper mentioning Nietzsche, and any educated person can immediately tell that none of them read Nietzsche, ever, and that thing is very clear. They would not have understood Nietzsche at all, I base this opinion on having read and analysed their diaries, notebooks, webpages, rants, and so on and an attempt to put it in philosophical-political-psychological context (interesting to compare some of it to Cioran, Schopenhauer and Nietzsche) and there is seriously nothing in there containing any original or thought-through ideas, thesis, conclusions (ranting teenage misanthropes often think/feel it's them against the world, that they are most unique, their suffering is much deeper than anyone else's, etc, without knowing there exists thousands of just like them in their own country and have existed many many more in history, even a modern world masskiller misanthrope isn't the "unique individual thinker" he often think/imagine that he is), analysis or criticism against their targets.

Especially Harris' rants are often very empty, void of content that any serious person would ever take seriously in a serious criticism of it; they are shallow, flat and truly ignorant (in the real meaning of the word!). It's really the opposite to any serious criticism of society worth reading  and much more similar to the no-logic-and-only-emotion-driven rantings of someone mentally ill who didn't know what to do with the constant(!!) untreated feelings of total inferiority, inner oppression, emasculation and his whole tragic demoralized unman self. 

It's so typical (not unique, not daring, and least of all, heroic in any way, but quite the pure opposite of all that) of such a person to be so fascinated by the feeling/thoughts of owning a gun and be able to build bombs "to strike terror in the mass society" when he couldn't get respect from anyone in any way. 

It would have been natural selection if Dylan and Eric, who didn't/couldn't fit in and didn't adapt to the environment, were cast out from the majority in the school and perished. It sounds harsh but that would have been more like natural selection. It is rather anti-natural selection that the "misfit" goes to the mass-society with a gun to destroy those who actually adapt to their environments the most succesfully.
