regardless if you play casual mode, the objective of the game is to WIN. This is inherently competitive. You are supposed to not die, get kills, farm gold, get items, destroy towers, destroy the throne. You played a core character this game and had no items, probably very little kills, and probably died a lot. Relative to the other players in this game, you played badly.  


 Of course, people will always play badly. However, if you are consistently playing well below everyone else in the game, it should be your moral prerogative to, if you want to enjoy this competitive team game, improve your level through the options given to you by the game as others have pointed out. It is a reality in mobas that when you play badly, you negatively impact on your teammates ability to enjoy the game.   


Compare to a game of soccer, where if you are a bad goalie you might concede more goals, or if you are a bad striker, you might miss more "easy" goals, in dota, if you play badly, you make the enemy team relatively STRONGER to your team by giving them gold and exp. Imagine if you are playing soccer and everytime your new goalie concedes a goal the enemy team gets faster stronger and has better ball handling. It would cause a lot of frustration.  This is the inherent cause of teammate toxicity in mobas. When you play badly, you drastically make the game less enjoyable for your teammates. While toxicity in chat towards you should not be congratulated, it is the unfortunate reality of mobas.  


  
 I should clarify I'm not saying you should only queue matchmaking after training in some hyperbolic time chamber esque dota 2 bootcamp, but if you are completely new and unaware of basic game mechanics, you should take advantage of the learning mechanisms the game offers instead of selfishly saying "wheres the fun in that tho?" - consider the fun your teammates have playing with you.  For example, I had a guy in my unranked dota 2 game the other night who had no idea how neutral items worked and left them on the ground instead of sending them to base. He was farming jungle so he found most of them. Almost none of our teammates ended up having any neutral items because of this. When I asked him why he was doing that, he said "he was new". He had 1000 hours. This is a poor excuse as far as Im concerned. If you are new, it should be your prerogative (in my opinion, obviously) to learn the basic game mechanics before and during participating in team games.
