Haha Second hand rage here is pretty real.

Yes, is bad and I had to learn by first hand: in many scenarios the best thing to do is shut up and let them destroy themselves with their own words. They're ignorant and unaware of stuff. They will do their best to make it look like you're wrong and they're always right. 

But I do believe it's best to let them trip and fall on their own. Understandable that sometimes this go over someone else's pride, but let them be wrong or get away with it (most of the times), be aware the game can't run forever, but you don't always need to bring justice to this world.

Still, I believe here you mentioned one exception to the rule, the kingdom of narcs: healthcare. This is tricky because the life and well being of someone is at stake. 

In my case, the (my) narc broke one big rule to get her way. 

She did it with me at her side and not someone else with more authority, that could put her back in place, but still, she tried to overrule the personal needs of someone OVER her own need of power and control over (literal) s\*\*t. 

For whatever reason, with me as a witness, she didn't want to bring someone to the toilet and asked them to "just do it in the diaper".

I had to stop her there, take charge for her complaints over my own *disruptive* actions (over *her command*) and the needs of this person. In the end I just told to the narc "I can't do what you ask me to do, I take full responsibility over my own actions, I know what I'm doing, blame me to others if you like".

I don't know how it went after that, I'm kind of curious to know if they hired or fired this narc. My bet is that she got hired and still works there.

I wish I could tell you more, that this narc is an idiot and got what she deserved, that I got a compliment for my job well done, but no. 

My only achievement is that the person in question managed to reach the toilet in time and do the deed where they should, alone, in peace. That's it. 

Patient first.

Disclaimer: I don't have a full-on healthcare education, but to be fair I don't think I need a master-degree in childcare to bring someone (who can walk, talk and sit and think of their own) to frick'n toilet.

TL;DR person in diaper asked to go to the toilet, narc colleague said "no u go in the diaper" I said: "do whatever, I bring this person to the toilet".
