Nope your eyebrows are really very naturally feminine in part because you have little or no brow "bossing" or ridges and thus no recessed or hooded eyes and a higher eyebrow. 

Your expression may be a bit blank for a photo. I can go blank too as I can't really pretend emotions naturally if "posing".

But I have found out that after transition my expressions became less of a "monotone" and I just opened up rather than trying to hide. I just seemed to become more expressive around others after transition. 

Even so some people think I am somehow amusing, though usually I am clueless why.

It is a bit of a mystery to me but I sometimes think that I may have mild asbergers spectrum condition. I especially tend to not really understand some sensitivities to medical and other topics - especially around mealtimes. I don't emotionally see any personal problem but I'm told others do. Some of this may mostly be non-socialization except as an adult after transitioning - truly a late bloomer.

If I offend you below please forgive me as I am prejudiced in favor of transitioning and would have done it sooner if my features were as nice as yours.

That said I think maybe you have something similar to myself in trying to sorta *hide* yourself in androgeny. (I lived there for years slowly changing and mainly waiting for electrology and Estrogen to make it easiest.) I still live there for the most part as I usually look mostly like a slightly butch lesbian (yep that's an accurate one).

I don't know for sure if you were really all that successful as a person in guyspace except in semi-convincing yourself. I say so because in your photos you seem more an androgynous underdeveloped young girl. 

I do understand if you are uncertain and very cautious about transition and changing your family relationships. I have no way of knowing your family but most of mine eventially came around at least grudgingly with time and my changes (I personally started hormones and electrolysis a while before disclosing my thoughts and feelings to them about transitioning FWIW.) I think you'll do fantastic if you do, despite any misgivings as you look much better now than most of us after doing so much more to change. 

I think afterwards (or maybe during) you'll find some people may have already thought that you might transition. I was personally totally clueless in high school why I was being called fag or faggot. I still sorta am clueless except that I was maybe giving feminine vibes but totally clueless and unaware of it. They got it wrong though, I still prefer girls.

Anyway, forgive me if I may have offended you for being too presumptuous and saying too much. I probably just miss talking to others on the web and then there is my asbergers spectrum thing about inappropriateness too which probably describes this long post.
