Not supportive or at least ignorant. I'm not saying this is the case with her, but straight people tend to 1.) Take their own straighteness for granted and 2.) Be hyper aware of and uncomfortable with explicit queerness. So they'll conveniently be unaware of all the ways heterosexuality is literally everywhere constantly (movies, tv, ads, conversation, assumptions) and only be aware of when queerness is present, and then they'll over exaggerate it. The basis of this is that they consciously or unconsciously view queerness as abnormal and straightness as normal. Because of this, they're unaware of how ubiquitous their sexual orientation actually is and how big of a deal society makes of it for them. Hence why you'll see people Twitter complaining about how tv shows have too many gay people or how queerness is being shoved in their face when there are like 20 straight characters and 3 queer ones. It makes no logical sense but they still see it that way. 

Straight people take their sexuality for granted and so they don't have to mention that they are straight or take it into account when navigating the world. The world considers heterosexuality the default, which is why when you search 'couples' on most image websites, 99% of them will be heterosexual and you have to explicitely search 'gay couples' to get actual gay people. So your mom gets to say that she's just a married woman because the world already assumes 'married woman' equals 'straight married women'. Non straight people don't get to depend on the fact that they are the default like your mom does, they have to explicitely express it. And then they get accused of caring too much or being too in your face about it. 

Next time your mom says this, remind her of the fact that she doesn't have to talk about her sexual orientation explicitely because her sexual orientation is considered the default, and everyone already assumes she is straight so she doesn't have to speak up and correct them. That most representations of women, in media, careers, the medical field, beauty, parenting, religion, literally everywhere, are directly catered toward her as a straight woman, so she can afford to be apathetic and unaware of it. If she lived in a world where being straight was the marginalized minority she would be far more aware and expressive of it. Also ask her to consider whether queerness is REALLY being shoved in her face or whether she has a double standard towards queer people that makes it so that she can he hyperaware of and bothered by queer people's expressions of their own sexuality. Straight people talk about their own sexuality everytime they mention having an opposite gender partner or talk about having children biologically. When they talk about finding the opposite gender attractive, dating the opposite gender, reading novels based around straight romance, assume their kids have crushes on the opposite gender, talk about character's who like the opposite gender, etc. But it is never seen as 'shoving' because they consider that normal and take it for granted.
