I agree 100% with everything you said and just wanted to piggyback onto it the "13 steppers". For those unfamiliar with AA/NA, there's 12 steps to recovery that they follow. Sometimes. Personally, I really didn't understand,  because at the time I was younger (16 years old), and would see certain people while going around the room during introductions, have a changed sobriety date. Each week. Sometimes both meetings in one week. Which kinda seems like they're not working the program or at the very least taking the program, as seriously as others. When you're a young 16 year old woman who's been using for 4 years and has already been through inpatient and outpatient treatment facilities for drug addiction, yet is still using, this is confusing at first witnessed. Then, when the meeting ends and the majority of the women there are side eyeing you and low key avoiding you, while the men are wayyy to friendly, understanding and eager to help.... yeah it puts a bad taste in your mouth. The 13 steppers are the people, males and females, who prey on the new comers and take advantage of their vulnerable state for their beneficiary gain. Usually it's replacing one addiction for another and I'm not talking about them recommending a great gym to work out at. I'm talking about them working you and us addicts, active/clean/white knuckle sobriety/actually sober are excellent manipulators. 
Also, I remember the 1st sponsor I had. Now, giving her the benefit of the doubt that she was strictly an alcoholic and had no understanding or experience relating to drug abuse, she definitely should have never agreed to be my sponsor to begin with. At least during that time in my life, fresh outta rehab and floating on my little pink cloud, I truly wanted to achieve my life back and be sober and happy again. Instead I had a woman who 80% of the time would ignore my phone calls, if she did answer would tell me she was doing something and would call me back (never did) or would minimize my feelings. I was still going to high school, the same school I used at with the same people I skipped school to use with and the same "friends" who I would buy from. That's kinda important and I had achieved my 90 in 90, by myself with the guidance of my family as my support system and one other woman who saw and understood where/what I felt. Unfortunately though she hadn't had enough clean time to be a sponsor yet. When I shared my experience with my sponsor in a meeting one day, without straight up calling her out and humiliating her in front of everyone, she let me have it! She told me that I'm just a kid, have no idea what losing everything including people in your life to this disease (unbeknownst to her, I recently had lost a close friend who overdosed in his Ma's house and she found him along with his younger sister who was my younger brother's friend ... I also lost my family's trust and at that age, it's a huge thing to factor in. Along with self respect for myself because when you have no $$ to pick up, you better supply your dealer with something and I'm sure I don't need to explain that one any further) ... I was then told that I was too much for her to have to "take on" as she has numerous others who she sponsors prior to me. Wow! Did that really put into perspective what I thought of myself at that age and state of mind, as a confirmation that I don't matter not even to those who are supposed to be able to relate and carry on the message. 

After many years of screwing up, I finally became sober, without the assistance of AA/NA. I went to college and graduated with a 3.84 GPA, I worked with adolescents at the very same facility that I had once attended and I never ever pushed the whole follow up with your local AA/NA meetings, etc. I explained to them that you have to remember that what works for some may not for you and to try to get to the root of your reasoning behind your addiction. Don't beat yourself up or spiral back if you relapse and make sure that you find a good support system, preferably one that doesn't use themselves. 
Anyway, I'm sorry for the long reply but I just had to share my thoughts and opinions regarding my agreement with what you stated. I always felt like AA/NA meetings gave off like a cult type mindset vibe and it's a very selfish program. A little too selfish for myself. I'm not going to knock those who have benefited from the rooms because if so, I'm so happy &amp; proud of you. I'm simply saying that it's not the only alternative and it definitely can do more damage than good, especially when you're a newbie in the most vulnerable state possible and unaware of the types of people who you may meet on the otherside of those doors with intentions that rehabilitation centers don't exactly tell you about as they're pushing you out the door because your insurance company has stopped paying for your treatment there.
