It blows my mind how prevalent this is. Been doing some digging trying to see how and where cabal recruitment functions, and i think I’ve got a system identified. 

It seems as though Charisma agents are sent out across the world. People like John of God, and Keith Reniere, who’s mission it is to gather a devoted following, whom are completely brainwashed and unaware of the founders goals. Children and women  are then treated as a commodity to be sold and used for their programmed purposes. 

A police detective back in the 90s had been seeing an unexplained explosion of cults forming, and put together a document detailing how these cults have been operating. Included was a detailed description on how the mind control method worked,

 CULT TECHNIQUES OF PSYCHOLOGICAL MANIPULATION
ISOLl\TION
loss of reality induced by physical separation from society and rational reverences.
HYPNOSIS
state of high suggestibility induced by hypnosis, often thinly disguised as meditation.
PEER GROUP PRESSURE
suppression of doubt and resistance to new ideas achieved by exploiting the natural need to belong.
LOVE BOMBING
sense of family and belonging contrived through hugging, kissing, touching and flattery.
REMOVAL OF PRIVACY
loss of ability to evaluate, logically achieved by preventing private. contemplation.
SLEEP DEPRIVATION AND FATIGUE
disorientation and vulnerability created by prolonged mental and physical activity and withholding adequate rest and sleep.
GAMES
need for direction when playing games with obscure rules increases dependence on the group.
META COMMUNICATION
subliminal messages implanted by stressing certain key words or phrases in long confusing lectures.
NO QUESTIONS
automatic acceptance of beliefs accomplished by discouraging questions.
CONFUSING DOCTRINE
complex lectures on an incomprehensible doctrine, encourage rejection of logic and blind acceptance.
REJECTION OF OLD VALUES
acceptance of new life style accelerated by constantly denouncing former values and beliefs.
•
3

 CONFESSION
destruction of personal egos, increased vulnerability to new teachings and recruits' weaknesses revealed, through sharing innermost secrets.
GUILT
teachings of eternal salvation reinforced by exaggerating sins of the
4It former lifestyleo
llAB
loyalty and obed~ence to group maintained by threatening SOUl, life or
limb for the slightest "negativell thought, word or deed.
CHANTING.AND SINGING
non~cult input screened out by demanding repetition of mind narrowing chants or phrases, when faced with non-cult ideas.
DISINHIBITION
abdication of adult responsibility encouraged by orchestrating child- like behavior.
CHANGE OF D I E T
disorientation and increased susceptibility to emotional arousal achieved by depriving the nervous system of necessary nutrients, through the use of low-protein, child like food.
CONTROLLED APPROVAL
vulnerability and confusion maintained by alternately rewarding and punishing similar actions.
DRESS
individuality removed by demanding conformity to the group dress code.
4ItFLAUNTING HIERARCHY
acceptance of cult authority produced by promising advancement, power and salvation.
FINGER POINTING
false sense of righteousness created by pointing to the shortcomings of the outside world and other cults.
REPLACEMENT OF RELATIONSHIPS
pre-cult families destroyed by arranging cult marriages and "families".
FINANCIAL COMMITMENT
increased dependence on th~ group achieved by "burning bridges" to past, through the donation of all assets

https://www.ojp.gov/pdffiles1/Photocopy/140554NCJRS.pdf

The testimony from the OJP report lines up perfectly with Hammonds Greenbaum Speech (https://www.empty-memories.nl/science/greenbaum.pdf), and reiterates that there is a major cult problem across each city in America. 

In my locality alone, there are multiple reports of cult activity spanning decades, most of them never made major headlines, save the one that inspired True Detective. 

Why do all the writers of modern media seem to be so well versed and initiated in the Mystery Schools? How is this knowledge so widespread when there is no obvious place to learn it available to the public? What do Cults like “The Finders” want with Children, why do they keep appearing, and how are these groups so similar in their success? Why do they all operate exactly the same, with a focus on Kidnapping children? 

They all seem to run on Masonic styled rules and laws, with degrees of initiation, ritual, meditation, and sacrifice. The body of the congregation is usually unaware of the true dealings, while the head honcho always seems to have everyone and everything under control. 

This system pops up so often, that I’m starting to suspect that these Charismatic Cult leaders are agents of a larger institution. Often we hear of ties to major names with these people. NXIVM was majorly connected to the richest echelons of the world, and John of God was great friends with Oprah. Even Charles Manson wrote music for The Beach Boys. 

These guys are likely sent out by someone, to read from a script and set up a commune for some purpose. Why? I don’t know, but this thought always stays with me,

With the NSA having access to all the data on the planet, and the military funded beyond comprehension, they say that we’ve had the resources to end  the war on Drugs, Terror, and So on, in one year. 

And yet, we know now that these Gov agencies actually control and started things like the Drug problem, and even profit off it. What’s to say that we don’t do the same on the more profitable venture with Humans?
