A lot of unpack here but pretty much all of it is wrong. 

I hate to break it to you but there are far more non-Ashkenazi Jews than not in Israel, so your claim that this is "white supremacy" makes zero sense demographically and is baseless in every other way. Whiteness in Israel is not a construct like it is in the US. It sounds like you are trying to apply a narrow lens of American politics where it does not apply. In fact, trying to lump Jews in with actual Nazis is a very popular form of vilification on the far-left that is wildly and overtly antisemitic. These comments are disgraceful not just to Israelis but to survivors of the Shoah. Moreover, reducing my ethnic identity to "white" simply for your rhetorical delegitimization erases my identity and culture, which is far more like white supremacy than anything happening in Israel.

You seem to have memorized a handful of the horrible things Israel has done in the past in an attempt to draw a through line to the present and disparage the Zionist movement by connecting it with a small contingent of degenerates and the actions of a select few in the government. Treating Israel as a monolith and saying Zionists want solely to eradicate Palestinians is absurd and ignorant of the politics within Israel. It is an insult to your own intelligence to paint a very complex entity in simplistic and villainous terms. Would you call the Palestinian liberation movement a terrorist movement because of the actions of Hamas? Do you even know what Hamas is?

Like many far-left Americans you only can think in terms of a handful of buzz words that you toss around interchangeably.  You talk about Jewish refugees as "colonizers" and weaponize the term "pogroms" against them, which is a very specific form of ethnic cleansing associated with Jews. Do you realize how degusting it is to accuse Jews fleeing porgroms of committing them? Do you care? The irony that you consider this colonialism in a region of the world that is majority Arab as a result of Arab supremacy and colonialism is almost laughable if it weren't so troubling. Only with regard to the I/P conflict is it acceptable to take an ethnic minority indigenous to an area of the world and call them colonizers and white supremacists.

This post is not a discussion, it is you dictating and accusing. My advice would be to stick to US politics--a subject you appear to have a tenuous grasp of-- and leave it to Jews to set the terms for their own deliverance. The last thing I need is some American colonizer telling me how to liberate my people.
