I deeply disagree with the second amendment, primarily because the writing of it and role it plays mean it serves no purpose in actually determining law, rather what is legal is determined in a highly partisan way. But then in a country even with an apolitical constitutional court, it would still be highly subject to interpretation (i.e. what constitutes an infringement of the 'right' to bear arms?). Guns are better regulated by specific laws in a system following the doctrine of implied repeal, in my opinion.

On the issue of guns themselves I'm rather conflicted. I'm under no illusions that a civilian populace could mount a successful resistance over a modern military fighting on its home turf. Arguing that military grade weaponry must be available for the resistance of tyranny is, in my opinion, deeply flawed and ignorant of the arguably greater power of peaceful protest. It's my opinion that violent attempts to resist a violent or fascist state would only end with egregious violence against the resistors, and greater repression against everyone else.

The proposition that criminals will always be able to obtain firearms is quite flawed in my opinion, where the case study in question is actually capable and willing to control it's borders, criminals would find it exceedingly difficult to obtain firearms and only those associated with organised crime would be capable of doing so on any kind of scale or with ease. It's also good to bear in mind that in somewhere with lax firearms laws, the difference between being an honest citizen and a criminal is a light squeeze of the trigger in a potentially emotionally charged situation, in somewhere with stringent regulations, the difference between an honest citizen and a criminal is buying the weapon, or evading the proper methods. The line is in a different place and is more obstructive to criminality because the situation is fat more rational.

As to preventing mass shootings, yes, a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun, but better that no-one has a gun in the first place, no? 

There are only two reasons which I entirely agree with for owning a firearm.

1. Target shooting 
2. Hunting

In light of these I come down heavily in favour of a UK-style gun control system. We have more lax restrictions on shotguns and other arms including historical arms, but much stricter restrictions on rifles and handguns. I especially approve of the nigh-ban on handguns we have, they are the most readily concealed firearm, and thus the most dangerous to the public.
Now there are some ways in which I might dial back restrictions, mostly revolving around caliber restrictions, most others I would keep.

If one tries to add self defence to that list, it suddenly becomes hard to enforce a UK-style system, to own a rifle for target shooting you first need to prove your interest, you must be a member of a shooting club or range. This is a problem sort of recognised in UK law, where it's illegal to carry a knife for the purpose of self defence. Self defence is effectively indistinguishable from hostile action, and unlike the other interests is usually unprovable. An interest to self defense would end up being presumed and there'd be no point in determining legitimate interest. The system would need to be turned upside down.

If I were designing this system I would remove the legitimate interest enquiry and replace it with mandatory and military training in the use of one's chosen firearm before purchasing. Furthermore I would use a pseudo-castle doctrine, allowing people to use their weapon for self defence in the home, but forbidding carrying of weapons for such purposes outside the home, you would need to have a provable interest.
