Your comment stuck with me so I am going to write a bit. 

What is the alternative? You wrote story-telling and I felt that partly because I am in the movie business and have been pondering the meaning of storytelling in today's world, and partly because it is the one ideal that has always existed-oldest cave paintings showcase storytelling art. And come to think of it once the basic necessities are covered-food, shelter, and health, what else does a man do other than tell and read stories? In other words storytelling has been the thread that has linked us all throughout history and time, and will continue to do so. 

 "a life frought with hypocrisy, messiness, irrationality, posturing and story-telling, with the end result being a lot of unnecessary suffering for sentient, feeling beings. It's all a big fraud; some parts intentionally so, some just the workings of evolution without intelligent design. And it "always has been," as the meme goes. So why would I bother comparing my life and theirs? or my life and an ideal? "

You wrote this at a timely moment. I am holed up in a room, all alone, debating people on fringe alt right sites. My schizoid condition ensured I have no ethnic affiliation. I do not relate to any one- to any race or nation or people. I am hollow inside and feel it badly on a daily basis. But when I observe my species I feel that the messiness and hypocrisy you mentioned above is all that has happened throughout history and time for our species. And that is because life is a struggle. Animals fight and brothers of the same mother never get along under the same roof. So all these issues-the greed, the tug of ego clashes, wars and whatnot had to happen. Most men until the past few decades were piss poor and uneducated and were part of the system unaware and clueless. Only now with modernity and advancement do we have the time and means to understand that there is no bigger picture. That perhaps life is just this-a meaningless chaos that you must participate in in order to live.
