This is a true and very glaring inconsistency amongst leftists and yes even some of the more statist minded republicans who just dont get what the whole point of MAGA is (if not Trump himself. I personally believe he was used and that they actually allowed him to win to forment a deep distrust against the movement. Hence constant pop culture and media coverage blaming him for everything especially covid.) 

Leftist and democrats made up a significantly large demographic in the conspiracy theory circuit for a very long time and to this day its part of their characteristic. "Russia rigged the elections. Trump is going to start a nuclear war. North korea can destroy our country. Reagan created aids. Republicans dont want black people to vote" 

Leftists have tons of conspiracy theories regarding aliens and the middle east and as i recall the 9/11 conspiracy stuff and the occupy stuff was all started by the left leaning grassroots. Individuals and whole movements evolved but leftists are the conspiracists and they blame republicans for everything but I remember when Alex Jones was talking like a leftie back in the day. He hated george bush lmfao we all did. 

THEN they started worshipping Obama and Hillary Clinton who succeeded in brainwashing the youth into being loyal statists. 

Now suddenly democrats are the PC party (which was once championed by guys like George HW Bush) they are the statist party, the taxation party, the big government party. And they are proud. If u ask democrats what a good citizen does theyll mention paying taxes early and voting early at least once. 

They talk about the sins of our government as if the government had nothing to do with it. Instead they put the blame on working class people and people who own small businesses. They attack US!!!! JP morgan and the people of Beverly Hills werent the ones boarding up their windows and closing early this week right? JP morgan is an ally now. And so is walmart and mcdonalds and GM and virtually every other major corporation. 

And now democrats are actively hating on small businesses. They call THEM priveleged. They threaten to literally kill landlords. They threaten cops openly on social media. Their heroes are attempted murderers and drug addicts who never turned their lives around. But then theyll bash Mike Lindell and Jordan Peterson for conquering their addictions. They call peaceful people like Rand Paul "violent thugs" i mean these people are insane. Theres no logic and the corporations and the state love it. They are clearly using them. They are directing this misplaced rage away from them and straight at us, the law abiding citizens who question the government and want accountability. 

These guys dont even blame the government when pll get shot. And ill give it to them some of these cases some of them SOME are legit examples of extrajudicial or even non judicial violence. I dont think Chauvin had the right to kill Lloyd but I dont think it was done on purpose. I think it was manslaughter because Floyd had breathing problems due to being a meth addict and having caught covid. But regardless of.Floyds past cops dont need to kneel on knecks. Arrest the guy but you have tasers and pepper spray, at least then u can make an argument its the equipments fault if u make a mistake. And yeah theres that stupid chick who pulled a taser instead of a gun. Best case scenario these ppl are still bad cops. Who is to.blame.for that? 

Big government! Statism! Those crooked individuals and the ppl who hired them and never looked into their past infractions. Not the police in and of itself. The police DO get away with more. If i made equivelent mistakes at my job id be fired or written up. Itd be some serious shit. 

When cops make mistake the system covers for them. That is a product of BIG GOVT. 

So i fail to understand the whole anti cop thing when democrats are the ones who push for policies and the kind of culture that worships govt workers and the govt itself and politicians. 

These bad cops come from liberal blue cities!!!!! Often from blue states! They are NOT running their police the right way and when shit blows up the state is deciding to throw the individuals under the bus only cuz the cameras are rolling. 

That being said, these ppl will.make violent killers their hero. There are actual innocent people who got shot by police that u can use as a symbol for ur movement. But they wana use george floyd. Why? Because Duncan Lemp and James Boyd arent black. The black teacher who got paralyzed wasnt anti cop and was protecting a white student. 

They want division. They dont care about actually solving these problems. These problems to them, are just an opportunity to force what they want. And they can direct rage at the middle class to justify the govt kowtowing even tho theyd do it anyway. Its awful. 

No one cares if I get killed during a robbery. No one cares if I get stabbed. 

That black girl was the hero of the story not the cop who saved the life of a man. Everyone wants u to say HER impossible name but no one wants to say the name of the person who almost died. 
They have redfined.everything. the media actually reported she was unarmed. 

The media and the state outlawed knives for self defense a LONG time ago. Theyre saying this girl was.defending herself from an unarmed person with a knife much longer than her palm which is illegal to carry around outside let alone to use for self defense unless its to get away from a life of death split second situation. This was not that. 
The cop did right. He is not Derek Chauvin he is a good cop who did a good thing. The verdict happenning at the same time is irrelevent. He probably didnt even know as he was on duty dealing with this BS. 

U can only blame society for not teaching kids that u cant run around outside with a kitchen knife and stab people who are having a simple argument that has nothing to do with u. She got scared and she acted in an ignorant and emotional way. That is partially her fault.partially the fault of the state who raised her. Shes an orphan. She is a product OF the government who didnt teach her their OWN laws. 

She grabbed a kitchen knife. Not a baseball bat, not a pole, not a shovel, her idea was not to block an attack or disarm someone, her idea was to STAB. She got scared and her initial reaction was to STAB and end a life rather than to get away, lock the door, she had an aggressive impulse. 

What part of that screams victim let alone "heroine"???? 

How brainwashed and ignorant of the way the world works do u gotta be to actually believe this cop was just running around looking to kill a black person? 

Then they keep saying shes 16 as if 16 is 9. Its 16. Im a former gangbanger and a recovered addict. When i was 16 i was having sex, fighting, packing heat, slinging, i never hurt anyone innocent. But i know damn well what a 16 year old is capable of. The law defines what an adult is. That doesent mean that an arbitrary law gets to decide that 16 year olds arent young adults. 

U cant tell if someone is 16. This is why the law also tends to say that 16 is the age of consent and the point at which once can be tried as an adult. They just cant vote. Ur still a young adult. 

Shes not some innocent small 9 year old. She was a BIG and rather bulky young women armed with a large and very sharp kitchen knife. She inserted herself into someone elses argument. Yes she called the cops but she called them in a hysterical way and had no idea HOW to properly report a crime. She was just freaking out and escalating things because no one ever taught this young woman how to use her WORDS and how to remove herself or stay out of a situation. 

Let me say this again. It was the government who failed her. The government who ultimately had to kill her. 

But the people who the leftists blame and want to attack are working class white people. Especially working class white people who belong to a movement that distrusts that SAME government because of this exact same SHIT. 

These ppl cant see that because they dont THINK. They only feel. They only react. They come from a place they have dubbed as being politically "correct". They are right and we are the "traitors" which is a common insult ive been hearing since january. 

Suddenly theyre soooo patriotic.  But not in the values. In mere landmass. In the mere idea of abritrarily being a part of something. And to make it even more bizarre citizenship means jack to them. So long as u come and echo their views and hate who they tell u to hate then ur good. 

All sane democrats have left by now. The very few ppl who we love who are still democrats cannot be saved. They are brainwashed. We all have that relative or perhaps our whole family. We love them but they think we are the crazy ones. 

Its ironically an appeal to authority. Lol 

They will never understand. Theyll just throw an irrelevent anecdote about Rudy Guliani at you, as my relatives do. Because to them ur just some crazy q anon follower that wants to bomb the capitol and CNN told them everything u supposedly believe in. 

It doesent have to be true. They trust and love the govt and the status quo more than u. The same way religious families love jesus or mohammed more than you. 

This is why individualism is more relevent than ever.
