&gt;I do not need to know you. Stop bringing it up. I am responding to your comments here which seem ill thought and ignorant.

Of course you don’t need to know me and I certainly don’t want to know you, but definitely you should know someone before judging them and making such rude and insulting remarks to them. Unless you’re just an asshole, at which point you wouldn’t care about any formalities like knowing what you’re talking about before dragging someone.

&gt;You are painting all police with a broad brush and say things like "They aren't doing their jobs!!!" and then stating what you think their job should be. 

I literally agreed with you on what the job of police should be.

&gt;You even contradict this point at times with the SCOTUS ruling and try to use "Protect and Serve" as their job when in fact they are not slaves so do not really serve on you hand and foot and the law itself prevents them from taking action in many cases. 

I’m not the one that says police should “Protect &amp; Serve,” that’s what THEY claim they are there to do. I didn’t come up with that slogan—the police did. And lots of people were foolish enough to take them at their word, only to find out that the law doesn’t agree with their own slogan. None of that has anything to do with me.

&gt;Also I have the same Right to judge you as you do police you hypocrite.

Yes asshole, you do. Whether those judgements are correct are not should be a concern for you, but again—assholes don’t care. So…

&gt;I really do not see that they are playing judge jury and executioner. 

See: mappingpoliceviolence.org

&gt;I see in a very small minority of police interactions what you are trying to paint all police with but they are usually prosecuted for this.

No, they’re not. Not at all. Chauvin being convicted is an anomaly.

https://www.npr.org/sections/trial-over-killing-of-george-floyd/2021/04/20/989292294/where-the-chauvin-verdict-fits-in-the-recent-history-of-high-profile-police-kill

&gt;Just because rich people currently benefit from police, as do people of all economic status, does not mean that they were CREATED to protect the wealthy which was your claim. 
&gt;Actually I know that asking you to back up one of your claims is unfair because you seem to not be able to do that.
&gt;Remember when the trans Atlantic slave trade police were not the ones selling, buying, transporting and exploiting slaves. In some cases they may have been part of the recovery process but in many cases they were not and the people doing the recovering were not always the most discerning when coming across people to bring back.

https://time.com/4779112/police-history-origins/

There, I just killed 3 of your stupid birds with one stone. 

&gt;because I am not dishonest like you

What exactly have I been dishonest about? Disagreeing with somebody doesn’t mean they’re lying. You’re ridiculous. Do you know the difference between someone giving their opinion and giving a fact? Or are you a Fox News viewer?

&gt;The reason I can provide these links so easily is because what I am speaking about is true and I know what is going on.

I can provide links too all day long. Sometimes I just expect somebody to do a little goddamn research of their own, especially someone with as big a mouth as you have.

&gt;OH, that is right you have many excuses for not wanting to make easy money and help the community. LOL

I mean, wtf are you even talking about?

&gt;Police have not changed though and I am not expecting much to come out of the BLM movement except for police to be reigned back for lesser crimes which will hurt poor and minority communities more.

Well you’re wrong again, 4 more Black people have already been shot by police in just a few days since the verdict—3 unarmed, 3 died. Nothing has changed.

&gt;Neighborhood thugs preying on the elderly and weak.

Which, again, police do nothing to prevent.

&gt;It is none of your business you small minded bigot.

Ohohohoho, sheesh did I hit a nerve there?? Of course it’s none of my business, and I really don’t give two shits about knowing anything about you, however I was being polite and attempting to engage in an informed discourse, but obviously you’re not interested in anything but calling me dumb, naive, ignorant, and young—even though I’m far from any of those things.

&gt;You are just trying to deflect because you cannot address the easy questions I am asking you now. LOL

Actually, no because I’ve answered your questions with no problem, you just don’t like the answers and so are trying to tear me down personally because you have no real defense or justification for the truth. Typical right-wing MO, so I’m sure I already know who you voted for.

&gt;But I am willing to bet you voted for Kamala Harris who as a prosecutor and district attorney was part of the system and supported the system or more likely were too young to vote. Hypocrite.

“It’s none of your business you small minded bigot. LOL” But seriously, I don’t see how anyone could have voted for Kamala Harris, considering that VP candidates are automatically included on the ticket with the Presidential candidate. Did you even vote?

&gt;LOL, I doubt you get out your mom's basement much.

Wrong. But my mom actually lived in *my* basement for a while when I bought my first house 21 years ago. Then she married an old millionaire who died like 7 months after they got married, so now she’s got her own house(s).

&gt;Security jobs are legal 

I never said they weren’t. You missed my entire point that you claim that police in the US are paid so much better than police in other countries, so they are less likely to be corrupt. But so many of them do have 2nd and 3rd jobs, and are just as prone to corruption as police in other countries.

&gt;and the rest are just accusations from a child that watches too much TV, does not know the issue I am talking about and is trying to deflect because it is out of its league.

I don’t watch tv. I’m very familiar with the issue. I’m no where near being out of my league. I literally come from a family full of cops. I was raised by a cop surrounded by all his cop friends. All the males in my family are or were cops. My sister’s husband was a cop who was fired for refusing to fall in line with the corruption that is rampant in police departments everywhere. I have witnessed first-hand the corruption, cover ups, racial profiling, abuse, brutality, and murder that cops are capable of—and they got away with all of it. Don’t tell me I don’t know what I’m talking about. Fuck you.

&gt;Are you saying that there are LESS prisoners in the US than what is reported?

No.

&gt;I have never seen anyone say this in real life and the military budget is discusses A LOT.

Well, I guess because you’ve never experienced it, it must not exist.

&gt;I never really have talked to anyone in real life about the police budgets nor does it get much news in the places I have lived?

Of course not. You’ve already said you live in an “affluent neighborhood,” why would they care about police budgets as long as y’all are being protected like you expect?

&gt;But people do talk about the militarization of police which I think is a fair argument but it is a totally different argument.

It’s part of the same argument.

&gt;It is not just "Da Republicans" slashing school budgets.

Yes it is.

&gt;This is why I do not like talking politics 

No, you don’t like talking politics because like all conservatives, you can’t defend your positions.

&gt;small minded people like you are not actually interested in resolving the actual problem, just pointing at the other guy not resolving the problem…Your blaming other people does not resolve the problem just makes you feel better about yourself when in fact you do not care about the problem or resolving it.

I am very much interested in resolving problems. The problem is nearly half the people in this country can’t admit that THEY are the problem, and admitting the problem is the first step to changing it. 

&gt;This is just a deflection. If you were intelligent we could have an intelligent conversation. IF.

My intelligence isn’t the problem here.

&gt;Again you cannot support your made up statements. Mom's basement must be such a sheltered place.

Again, fuck you.

&gt;This is your opinion and the opinion. You are like a Qanon idiot that thinks they know how the world works because you surround yourself with other idiots and feed off of yourselves.

Sorry, your party is the one that bred the Q idiots.

&gt;But can you tell me what that has to do with the point you were addressing? It does not refute my point or even address it, it is just an attempt at a deflection?

I suggest you look up the definition of “deflect.” You keep using it a lot, but don’t seem to understand what it means. Proving you wrong isn’t a deflection.

&gt;I actually stopped watching the news because it is all negative and partisan. I like to read BBC.

Great way to get news about what’s going on in your country—read the news from another country! Sounds smart.

&gt;How do you know what most cops believe?

See above.

&gt;The courts are not police are they? The jurors (for the most part? Ever?) are not cops in these cases. 

We were talking about the “justice system,” which includes the police and the courts. Try to keep up.

&gt;You seem to live in world where you just slide between realities when you wish, ignoring facts that do not support what you wish to believe, not understanding how things work.

Blah blah blah. Do you ever get tired of being wrong?
