Youre right. From what I've found is that this sub is just a circle jerk. I know it could reach a dollar, my intuition is strong and it's rarely wrong. I'm not the smartest guy in the room, but I know a lot of what's been said here is nonsense and people just bashing on it. The more places that accept it as a payment it should surely grow in value and the more people are willing to buy into it and trade it, it should also go up right? I know that's not always the case, but who can truly predict what'll happen. But isn't sending a big fuck you the same thing that happened with GME? Legit people became millionaires off of it. Yeah people don't wear masks, it sucks and I don't care if they don't, I'm not around people enough to care except at work but even then a couple people at work and I don't even wear the mask around each other, we'll wear it around the single moms and operators; I wouldn't say their idiots though, but the people screaming *it's my body it's my right* and rioting over it is dumb. Do it or don't do it and deal with consequences 🤷‍♂️ as for voting for Trump I wouldn't say voting for him was dumb, it's the people who are racist and ignorant that took his words about building a wall and believing he was going to send back all of the immigrants. No he was proposing a wall because he wanted to keep illegal immigrants out, not the legal immigrants or minorities that were already here; then there's the extremists but come on we basically have modern day Nazis on both sides one in the idea of a true race and the other using basically the same steps and policies Hitler used to come to power. But I mean the guy we have now isnt any better... We basically have a dementia patient in office 🤷‍♂️ didn't mean to rant about politics or what's going on in america, im just tired of hate towards the voters and hearing about 'Trump bad'. But yeah like you said, people are pretty fucking dumb if they don't realize the power this thing has. And come on people are even accepting it as a form of payment even p**nhub (can't write out the word or my blocker freaks the fuck out. On the path to recovery from an addiction 🤷‍♂️). People really doubt the lengths people will go to just say fuck you
