&gt; I think you are really close with this. First, we have to understand that male and female have different value systems. And this affects everything in our lives.

Words typically spoken by those ignorant of cultures different from their own and ignorant of the individual.

Whatever correlative differences may or may not exist between genders, it pales in comparison to the difference that exists between different cultures.

This strip is Japanese; Japan is known to a particularly polite and conflict-avoiding culture. I am not Japanese, I am Dutch; the Netherlands is known to be a particularly rude and conflict-welcoming culture. — this difference alone, of course acknowledging the individual variance in this regard between the individual Japanman and Dutchman, is far greater than anything sexes can ever hope to explain.

&gt; In her mind, she is justified to the things she did because he hurt her a lot. Whether she did it intentionally with En's circle to get back at him is debatable. Females are emotional beings. She probably questioned herself as a woman and tried it with the other guys. One thing let to the other due to still being in an emotional state or maybe not.

Whatever emotional nature females may or may not have yet again pales in comparison to different cultures.

In particular, Japan is generally a culture that frowns upon showing too much passion and emotion. — the Japanman, male or female, is socially typically expected to remain calm far more than in many other cultures. Females in particular in Japanese cultures are socially expected to show even less emotion than the males.

&gt; This would go back to the different value system. Yumi, and most female would see this as justified. Not sure how En feels, if there is resentment, then he would be like most guys, unjustified.

I would find this ridiculous.

Yumi is an attention seeker with psychological problems and the story portrays it as such. Almost no one of any sex would find Yumi's reaction to be proportionate, at least from how Miyu narrates it, which is obviously En's experience of the story.

I am unconvinced by your attempt to paint some kind of gendered perception. — almost anyone from how it is narrated from En's perspective would agree that Yumi went far too far over a rather simple remark, but the point is that this is only En's side of the story, and if Yumi's side were shown it would perhaps put things in a different light. It could include the following details that were omitted from En's side:

- Yumi was flirty with the entire group and slept with all of them already before En. En merely convinced himself that he was special when he wasn't.
- En had prior been making sexual advances to Yumi, thus indicating that Yumi felt it was appropriate to unbare and that En would be more receptive.
- From Yumi's perspective, En's face as he sees it is more visible, showing a clear face of disgust that isn't visible.
- They had a rather nasty argument afterwards where En was dis-proportionally mad.

All of such things are the kinds of things in a conflict that could be revealed if the other side of the story be heard, rather than only one, and none of them directly contradict any of the events show, but it would illustrate how one often leaves out such self-culpatory information when telling one's own side of the story.
