&gt;how could any Christian possibly know what is right or wrong?

Everything that we call wrong and right comes directly from our own desire to make it through life. 

And since you asked, I'm going to tell you how it works. But just know that I'm aware that I'm giving you more information than you want.

When you're a toddler you start to figure out that it is good to feel good and it is bad to feel bad. They're also come to point where it really bothers you that you feel bad, and you develop a survival strategy to overcome feeling bad. This becomes your first phase and your survival strategy in life.

As a young teenager you start to figure out that it is good to look good and it is bad to look bad. It's even good to associate yourself with things that look good and it's bad to associate yourself with things that look bad. And then there comes A Time where it really bothers you that you were looking bad. And you develop a survival strategy designed to overcome looking bad. This becomes your second phase of your survival strategy in life.

Then as a young adult you start to figure out that it is good to be wise and aware, and it is bad to be unwise and unaware. And then that comes a point where you feel especially bad because you realize you're unwise and unaware, and you develop a survival strategy to overcome this. This is the third phase of your survival strategy.

Everything that you call good and bad in your life, is based on the three survival strategies that you develop for yourself. Any threat to your survival strategy is considered bad. Anything that supports your survival strategy is called good. And then there are the three main desires that everybody has. Our desires to feel good, look good and be considered wise and aware. Everything we call good supports these three main desires. And everything we call bad is a threat to these three main desires.

Every claim about what is moral and what is not moral is based on your three survival strategies and the three main desires that everybody has in life.

Because these are so personal, and yet somehow still part of the social network. It explains exactly why we have agreements and disagreements about what everybody considers to be right and wrong.

In scripture God told us to stay away from the tree right and wrong. And instead we as humans have embraced it.

Your original conversation had to do with whether or not God's morality was objectively moral. When the truth is man's morality is completely based on man's survival strategy and our main desires to look good feel, good and be wise and aware.

Does that mean that God doesn't do morality?

What it means is that humans are looking for morality where God doesn't really care about man's idea of what morality is.

God talks in terms of what causes life and what causes death. Both physical life and death. And spiritual life and death.

When we get to heaven we will not be asked if we ever did anything immoral. We're not even going to be asked if we did something wonderfully moral. There's going to be one question asked and the question will be this...

Is your name written in the Lamb's book of life? If your name is not written in the Lamb's book of Life is because you're not living in Christ. And if you're not living in Christ you are spiritually dead.

We as Christians should be focusing our time and attention on the things that God focuses his time and attentions on. Namely, spiritual life and death. We already know everybody's going to physically die at least once. And spiritual life is the key to living for eternity.
