&gt;	There is no difference between going through the effort to drive legally and getting an ID. They are the exact same thing. It has nothing to do with societal weakness, getting a drivers license = getting a government ID. NJ already requires the number on your license to vote.

This was never in dispute. The difference is the objective and the necessity. 

&gt;	Also I’m not saying you should lose you’re right to vote if you vote incorrectly, I’m just saying you should need an ID to vote regardless of who you pick. If you want Santa Claus to be president, you should have to show an ID.

I didn’t say you did. In fact I specifically said it was the only conclusion to the comparison in order to show that your comparison was silly.

&gt;	I’d like to see your data that suggests that people using dead names is a myth. Even the paper you linked says that voter fraud happens, even though it’s not common. 

[Here’s an article on the subject.](https://ballotpedia.org/Votes_cast_in_the_names_of_deceased_people)

&gt;	And I agree with that, but as long as even one vote in the entire election is fraudulent, the process is flawed.

The problem with this idea is that it disenfranchises far more legitimate voters than it does prevent illegitimate votes.

&gt;	We need to get that number down to zero and the only way possible is if people have to prove they are who they say they are. 

We don’t really need to, our elections aren’t close enough to be concerned with that small a number, and in the rare case it can come into play, recounts handle this problem.

&gt;	I dont know what crazy world you think poor, urban, minorities live in where in 3 years they cant make their way to the dmv to get an ID, but it’s not reality. 

It’s entirely reality. You’re just making a straw man argument. Nobody said that it’s impossible. But as an anecdote, I live in Florida. 3 years ago I would not have qualified to get a driver’s license in Florida’s current requirements. 

But more importantly, the problem here isn’t impossibility, it’s about adding difficulty to cut down votes. This is a real thing backed up by real data, and ignored by you because it doesn’t conform to the opinion assigned to you.

&gt;	I challenge you to find a statistic of minority US citizens who dont have a license. 

I don’t care what you challenge me to do. I don’t do the monkey dance for dishonest fucks who can’t even acknowledge basic data, let alone admit they were wrong. But hey, here’s an [article](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/getting-a-photo-id-so-you-can-vote-is-easy-unless-youre-poor-black-latino-or-elderly/2016/05/23/8d5474ec-20f0-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html) summarizing the difficulties as a consolation prize.

There’s no shortage of articles explaining why this is a problem and no shortage of data explaining that your concern isn’t a real problem. You simply ignore all of it because you would rather ignore the “opposing” side than be a rational person. You let partisan conspiracy theories dictate your judgement. 

The simple fact is that voter ID laws literally cause more damage than they prevent, and the data I provided backs this up. 

&gt;	Why dont you try going to one of these urban areas and saying “I’m sorry you can’t get an ID” to their face. Do you think it would go well?

Oh boy. Please tell me what you think would happen if I said that. This smells of blatant racism, so please prove my concerns unfounded. 

Assessment time:

Of course you’re just going to ignore everything I’ve said and all the data. You don’t care about fact vs fiction, all that matters is that you get the policies you were told to want, with no regard for the cause or necessity. You shrugged off the data I provided because you aren’t concerned with facts. You’re an idealist through and through, with a good dose of ignorance of the problems outside your narrow circle. No data will convince you because your position is 100% emotional. 

In the end you know that I’m right and this isn’t a worthy cause, but you want the vote suppressed because you want that marginally further right wing nut job leading the country, because you’re too ignorant of politics to realize you’ve been whipped into a frenzy over a virtually nonexistent difference in politics. You’re just another paranoid liberal engrossed in the game designed to keep you angry, dumb, and ignorant of anything better. 

Or you can accept the data and prove me wrong.
