&gt;	I mean what makes you, you, in this context.  

I suspect we have the same view on this, and I suspect that you contradict this view later in this comment. Here’s my view: I am entirely the product of the natural processes in my body and brain. There is no soul. I’m just a pattern.  

&gt;	We have no memory of countless prior tortures, so there is no persistence of memory through entanglement, demonstrably.  

Yeah, the different “branches” wouldn’t exchange any information. They’re entirely separate.  

&gt;	This should rule out the whole thing, should it not?  

I fail to see how this follows? Do you think I’m asserting some kind of transmigration of a soul across different branches? It’s as simple as this: there is a universe where you don’t die. That’s it, that’s the whole thing.  

&gt;	if you died tonight and through this effect you continued to exist without knowing it, would that other you really be you?  

If you didn’t die tonight, but you had a possibility of dying, would you wake up as you? Or did the “real you” die? I would say there is no “real you,” or rather, the real you is the one that you are experiencing. You simply don’t exist in a world where you died, obviously. Unless you’re saying that each universe has some separate, non-interchangeable “soul,” a materialist view of consciousness allows for no distinction.  

&gt;	You would be dead and unaware that this entangled version of you exists, just as if the theory had meat, we must each be part of this ongoing cycle already.  

In the universes where your brain died, or whatever, you just *wouldn’t be there.* You would wake up in your bed unaware of the fact that you had died in countless other universes.  

As for how this theory would impact me, or decision-making in general, I think it is significant in terms of “what can a person expect to experience as the possibility of their death approaches one hundred percent?” It’s... not good, in this scenario. That’s pretty impactful. I think people would probably prioritize their health a lot more in a world where this was seen as a likely correct theory. People might be less likely to accept the endangerment of others (as risk could be understood as a percentage of *actual* universes in which some kind of harm really happened.)
