&gt;Pretty sure I said that it’s a pragmatic thing to do and that you should do it almost always. Which isn’t saying it’s good in the sense that you’re using the world (I.e. moral). Finding an example where it isn’t the pragmatic thing to do doesn’t disprove anything. Are you familiar with concepts such as outliers? 

Pretty sure you literally said it was "bad" the person in the video didn't "comply" with the cop. There's also plenty of other examples if you want to say the one I provided, that you can't be bothered to know or learn anything about, doesn't count.

&gt;Though it probably is good for society if we listen to cops seeing as we give them the responsibility of enforcing and upholding the law. Or are you saying we shouldn’t listen to cops? Or that listening to cops is bad? 

I'm saying "How did that work out for Daniel Shaver?"

&gt;Clearly you’re misinformed and ignorant. That wasn’t ever the topic. You should improve your reading comprehension skills (that’s not an insult it’s a fact) so you can better read and understand what others write. This is exactly the kind of willful and personal ignorance that destroys valid and important discourse. 

Other than the fact that it literally was, sure. I understand that you would desperately like for that to not have been the topic, but unfortunately it absolutely was. You've even already reconfirmed that discourse earlier in this post of yours. Reading comprehension, indeed. 

Also, the person who is literally admitted to and defended their "willful and personal ignorance", really has no place to be whining about "willful and personal ignorance" they've imagined others have. But project away.

&gt; Nope. If it’s relevant to the topic at hand (which you appear to be woefully ignorant of - maybe that’s why you seem so confused all the time) explain why. Don’t expect others to do your work for you.

Once again, it is not the job of others to help you understand the topic you decided to ignorantly wander into. Again, ignorance is your responsibility to manage. Not anybody elses.

Oh, and don't forget to cherry pick this post too, so you can avoid all the parts you don't like. Again.
