 My intention is not to defend the "K" word or even take advantage of it but how it was used and at the same time to explain its origins and its relationship with those who both ustilise it in the past and the present

 The word "Kaling" is an old name for an ancient indian kingdom; "Kalinga", now known as the province or state of Odisha. One must first understand the relationship between Indian social, political and economical relationship with that of South East Asia or in our case; "Alam Melayu" or the "Malay World". The Malay world which consists of Brunei, Malaysia, the entirety of Indonesia and the Philipines were exposed to Indian culture. As can be seen in Indonesia where the great temples or Chandis of Perambanan, a Hindu temple, and Borobodur, a Buddhist temple. In addition to this would be the Mahabharata and Ramayana, two indian epics that are present within South East Asian culture which was slightly altered according to those who adopted it. Furthermore would be the Garuda and if I rember correctly was the Bird of Vishnu or Indra that fought against the serpent Naga, this great avian can be seen on the Indonesian government’s coat of arms and the Thai Royal family's. Nonetheless, Kalinga being a Thalassocracy extended their culture or in a more general term, Indian culture, to that of South East Asia and was possibly seen as a great maritime power in the aspects of politics, society and economy to the inhabitants of the Malay World, albeit the latter arrogant and ignorant of India's large collection of different polities and nations.

 Now comes the matter of linguistics and culture, in the medieval and colonial era and how it has influenced the use of such a word in the modern era. As far as I know the word Keling has been used continuously in Hikayat Hang Tuah, the Epic of Hang Tuah. Where during the zenith of the Mallacan sultanate a trader of Indian or "Keling" origin came to the Sultan, it was here where the Sultan later sent a member of his family to join in hand with the "Keling" to become king or raja for one of the "Keling" states. In Hang Tuah the word "Keling" is reffered onto the Indian sub-continent and her people as a general term for a geographical position ("Benua Keling") and those who inhabit that area. In the age of colonilaism, the British upon colonising India made use of the local population. Those that were arrested were later sent to British possessions in South East Asia as prisoners who were forced into labour. Indian prisoners who were shackled with metal handcuffs can be heard from afar due to their metal shackles constantly clanking with each other. This in turn gave birth to a indirect nickname called "Kling" or "Kaling" later integrated into a culture of name calling on a specific Racial-Ethnic group where the latter who do not know how to speak Malay at first was confused which in turn is interpreted to be offensive when explained by his Malay counterpart. In addition to this the word "Kling" might have also orginated from the braclets and jewlery used by Indian women. Of course with such common use of the word keling, overtime it has been brought into the vernacular language as a common terminology for Indians.

 Nonetheless, to put it simply, Kalinga's influence and prestige as a national entity from the other polities within the Indian Sub-continent has in turn created a general or in the vernacular language "stereotyped" Identity on the Malay world for which people woud call that geographical position as Kalinga due to their merits in the theatres of politics, culture and trade. Overtime with such common use of the word keling, it has been brought into the vernacular language as a common terminology for Indians.
