Actual euro-wannabe Turks are Ataturk fans.

"Were not Western wannabes!"

Meanwhile your country is built upon liberalism, secularism, and democracy. There is not one single component of Eastern influence in your government because it operates on a secular-liberal epistemology.

This is what many people tend to do, they will claim that they've retained their culture, cultural norms, and customs and that they haven't been Westernized at all while accepting every single ideology to have come out of the West as the best systems of governance.

You live in a society where everyone speaks Turkish, looks Turkish, and dresses Turkish but pro-democracy, pro-liberalism, and pro-secularism. If you are ideologically Western (Turkey is) then by definition you are Westernized.

Ataturk even chose the Latin alphabet for the language. I'm not saying that Turks should have kept the Arabic one, but you don't get to change from one foreign alphabet to another only to talk down to the one used prior *when* you don't ever use the original alphabet. If Turks truly wanted to be nationalist without any Western influence (and Arab cultural influence) then they would have used the original Orkhon alphabet instead of the Latin one which is clearly an attempt to become more associated with the West.

"But those ideologies *are* the best"

No, they aren't. They're extremely flawed and those who believe that the West's success is built off of its ideologies and not its conquest and subjugation of nations that continues on today is delusional and unaware of the historical truths surrounding this.

If you don't want to be Western then drop the democracy, liberalism, and secularism and either return to Tengriism or Islamic governance, drop the Latin alphabet, and revert to a traditional Turkish society in the form of a nation-state. Not saying that people need to be nomadic but the "Bey system" (idk what else to call it) would be brought back as well.

Don't call yourself a Turkish nationalist when you're ideologically and linguistically (by alphabet) Western.
