I'll probably get down voted to oblivion, but oh well. 

NAH.

I think pretty much every parent in America has a whole new appreciation for our kids' teachers after the last year. Like, seriously, I don't care what they pay you - it's not enough. I'm sure pandemic teaching has been harder than we can imagine. That being said, as the parent of an elementary age kid...

I can only speak for parents like myself that actually GAF, but let me be frank. If you think that 20 minute zoom lesson you prepared was sufficient for the average kid to grasp what you're trying to teach, you're out of your mind. I have spent the last year googling math concepts every. single. day. in an attempt to help my kid stay afloat. And it's not that I can't do math, it's that the bizarre world of common core is totally foreign to just, you know, DOING THE MATH.  My days have been an endless, revolving door of, "MOM! Can you explain blah blah blah again, please?" "MOM! Teacher says I need to record this thing in costume, can you help me put one together?" "MOM! I can't get on to teams. Help me!" "MOM! What's a blah blah blah again?" "MOM! It's camp week and I have these 15 craft projects I'm supposed to do with nothing more than YouTube to guide me. Can you help me?" "MOM! I don't understand this and teacher isn't answering my email, what do I do?" "MOM! I don't understand these directions!" And don't forget, keeping our kids focused on your lessons while their classmates are waving their cat/dog/hamster/new toy around, planning their play dates, siblings are popping on and off screen, other kids are playing in the street while my kid is forced to actually be in class and pay attention, etc.

So yeah, please don't discount just how much teaching (involved) parents have actually been doing. Every question some kid would normally come up to your desk and ask has been answered by their parent for the last 15 months. And we don't have your education, background, resources, or years of teaching to draw upon to know what the heck we're doing. Every question you can answer offhand because you just know, we have to research, and we STILL might not find the right answer. 

At minimum, during this pandemic, we've been team-teaching, you and I. I respect how ridiculously hard you've been working to keep kids from falling behind, but please don't dismiss how damn hard I've been working, too. Especially considering this is your full time job that you were trained to do. I was not trained to do this. On top of that, I also have a job of my own, that ISN'T this, that I have to do at the same time.

I sure as hell don't call myself a teacher, and it's ridiculous of your friend to expect acknowledgement during teacher appreciation week. But it's also dismissive and ignorant of you to assume she's "simply helping" her kid, when in reality, virtual learning has really been pretty much a part time job for most parents.
