If I had the ability to hug your neck right now I'd do it. Your response here is so unbelievably insightful. And you're doing yourself a huge favor by paying attention to what's going on with you. And you're willingness to recognize what's going on with you will give you a leg up and figuring out how to get rid of all of these horrible experiences you're going through.

One of the reasons why God offers us forgiveness for everything that's happened in our past is so that we can simply let go of the past. The difficulty is is that we have spent a lifetime relying on the past to inform us how to best approach our future. It is simple survival mentality to learn from our past to prepare us for our future.

And God though, it's the reverse that is true. We give up the past, so that we can look at our future completely differently than we've ever looked at it before. A future that is empty of everything, now can be filled with anything. And the only real question is, what do you want to fill your future with. Especially, what do you want to fill your future with if you let go of everything in your past?

I personally, fill my future with as much love life and freedom as I possibly can. I do this for the glory of God and the cause of Christ. (And this is the most religious thing you'll ever hear from out of my mouth.)

Not everybody can hear what I'm about to say. And I've been saying this for quite a while. And it is a hard thing to hear. But consider, just for a moment, that your feelings of fear, sadness, anger and hatred that you've been putting on other people, actually belongs pointed at yourself.

Every time you've let yourself down, you become fearful that you're going to let yourself down again. You become sad that you've let yourself down. And the anger and the hatred you feel is because you've let yourself down repeatedly.

Now you can either waste your time feeling bad that you feel bad. Or you can move on to the next step, which is forgive yourself for the events of your past, and start creating a future of your own design, that is worth putting all your effort into.

And just so that we're not confused about something. Your spirit within you longs to walk in the freedom and experience the freedom that is in Christ. Your spirit, the spirit that agrees with God, longs to cause and create wonderful things for others in yourself. And if we gave a title to these wonderful things, it would be the experience of love, joy and peace, or anything that would allow for the experience of love, joy and peace.

Your sense of purpose is hidden within yourself. And the way to expose that purpose is to start moving forward, into a future of your design, knowing that you will be led of God's Holy Spirit that dwells within you, when you look for all the ways that you can experience the freedom to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for others and yourself.

This last paragraph by the way, is how we figure out how to walk in Christ. It's how we figure out how to be in Christ. It's how we find our purpose in life. A purpose that is centered in Christ.

And the truth is it's actually not that hard. Especially when you start figuring out how much freedom is involved when you're causing and creating something wonderful for other people. When you get the focus off of your own life and put it on to causing and creating something for other people. I mean is it really going to be hard to walk in freedom? Absolutely not. It's the greatest thing in the world.

One last side note...

In order to survive this life, your body comes with it a part of your brain called the amygdala. It is the job of your amygdala to make sure that your body does not die. It takes a lifetime to figure out how to do this.

It started when you were a child and you started to figure out that it was good to feel good and bad to feel bad. And then as a young teenager you started to figure out that it was good to look good and bad to look bad. It was even good to associate yourself with things that look good and it was bad to associate yourself with things that look bad. And then as a young adult you started to figure out that it was good to be wise and aware and it was bad to be unwise and unaware.

Everybody does this. The only issue with it is, is that your body does not have any moral standards. Your body does not care how it stays alive, it only cares about making sure that it stays alive. So any threat, whether that threat be an actual threat or simply perceived as a threat, your body will react. And it has been those reactions throughout your life that has caused you to be sad and angered and filled with hatred.

Those bad feelings come from us not choosing to be loving in a situation where we could have been. A lot of people don't realize that the definition of sin, which is to miss the mark, is an indication that the Mark we missed is that we were trying to hit the mark of the high calling of Christ by being loving in the moment. And when we chose instead to simply survive the moment and lash out at people who are making us simply feel bad, look bad or seem like we're unwise and unaware, that that lashing out costs us the experience of life. Which is the experience of love, joy and peace. The second part of the definition of what sin is, is to miss the mark and therefore miss out on the prize. The prize is the life that God wants for you. A life free from fear. Free from anger and hatred and sadness.

If I had more time to spend with you, it sure would be a lot easier to get you going in the direction you want to go in. The best I can do is to give you a little bit of advice.

Look up in Scripture the fruits of the Holy Spirit. Concentrate all your efforts in producing those fruits. You have the Holy Spirit living within you. You have the ability to produce these fruits. Spend all your efforts in producing these fruits.

The second part of the advice goes like this. Be willing to feel bad. Be willing to look bad. Be willing to be considered unwise and unaware. So that when you do feel bad, look bad and are considered unwise and unaware you don't lash out at people because they have an opinion of you. Other people's opinion of you don't matter. It is God's opinion of you that matters. And this is how you can ignore what's your faced with. And instead concentrate your efforts on what really matters. And what really matters is God's opinion of you. What really matters is the tools that God has given to you, especially God giving you the Holy Spirit to lead you and guide you on how to produce the fruits of the Holy Spirit.

I've given you a lot to digest. Forgive yourself. Let your past go. And start walking into a future that is worth your time and your effort. It will be a future that is loaded with fruit. And that's the first place to look.
