I don't find that to be the case in my experience. Both in my personal life and professionally, feminism is the norm, more so now than ever. 

When I studied women's history in the 90s it was still more hived off, and during my master's degree I worked with old school, Ivy League historians who thought women's history was a fad and a phase, but that's not the case now of any historian I've met, including male ones. 

I was at a presentation yesterday where the leadership of my org, male and female, spoke very openly and earnestly about the problems of racism, white supremacy, and toxic masculinity without hesitation or self-consciousness. The prime minister of my country is a feminist and says so. It's pretty normal to be a feminist where I am.

I haven't met anyone who doesn't identify as a feminist in real life in ages (even before the pandemic), and if someone in my orbit expressed disagreement with the basic arguments of feminism (that women are equal human beings and must be seen that way), they would certainly lose a lot of friends, respect, and opportunities, at a minimum. Anti-feminism is considered hateful and ignorant.

Of course, there's plenty of debate among feminists about all manner of things, so we don't agree on everything. But we agree that women are as fully human as men, and that longstanding sexist, white supremacist values have misshapen our thinking and our society for a very long time. That much is pretty obvious, and accepting it isn't a very big ask.

There's still plenty of work to do. In 1989 when a man walked into l'École Polytechnique, separated the women from the men, and shot the women for daring to study engineering at a school that rejected him, the men in media rejected the idea that it was an misogynist act, a hate crime against women. When Alex Minassian drove a van into a crowd because women wouldn't sleep with him in 2018, it was labeled misogynist terrorism. I'd say that's a step forward in the general acceptance of feminism rather than a step back. The fact that those acts are still happening sucks, but at the very least, we're calling them what they are.
