I hear that revisionist history argument often, oh that wasn't real socialism, oh it was democrat in name only...
I feel like I just read a wiki page defending 1619....
 There wasn't three opposing sides, there was an international corporate cue, primarily american companies purchasing Germany for pennies on the dollar after WW1, rebuilt the country as a bulwark against Bolsheviks communism, using democrat socialism as a divide and conquer strategy against its own people before attempting global authoritarianism. These different factions you speak of were in fact subsets of pre nazi Germany's  rise into democratic socialism. 
Different faces of the same hydra used to drive the country towards authoritarian dictatorship.
Currently watching the same corporations continue this indoctrination once again here in the u.s.
From freedom to faucism....

Fun history fact, u.s. companies attempted Nazism here in the u.s. first using WW1 vets in an attempted coup d'etat that only failed because they were exposed on national television by an admiral named smedley butler.
When that failed, Prescott bush opened up the infamous chase Manhattan account used to wire finances from these american corporations to fritz theison (sp?) Who directly financed the rise of the 3rd Reich and simultaneous division of the German people.
The controlled propaganda of divide and rule is a successful strategy to those unaware and susceptible to emotional charged misinformation.

Originally the division of populaces against each other were done under a form of class based self segregation under the concept different classes were diseased and sub human... Not unlike what we see today...
Do you know what the dual flags of antifa stand for?
What was the red bloc. And black bloc?
Why were those influential to the rise of Nazism in Germany? Fun things to research.

During the day the brown shirts in red bloc would harass in mass, independent businesses warning to comply or die, at night black bloc dressed in all black would destroy these same businesses usually killing shop owners as they went. This was a nightly occurrence and made famous by krystalnachte. 
The false account of antifa being against anyone but the German people is revisionist history slowly changing with each duration of saturation back into american society, you can see the drip feed of historical edits with each wave of communism/socialism in America.
 
About as far to the left as it gets.
It's projection to say it's far right. 
Similar to how modern Dems are projecting their own racist history on republicans when it was the republican party was founded primarily by freed slaves to prevent the spread of democrat slave states and in political response the Dems organized the KKK.

Both Nazis and the KKK were about as far left as it gets.
