Here’s the authors explanation:

“The History of Heart of the Jedi and How it Didn't Get Published

By Kenneth C. Flint

In 1991, I was making my living as an author. I was writing two books a year for Spectra, the sci-fi-fantasy imprint of Bantam Doubleday Dell. I’d had twelve books published, with a seven book backlist and a million books in print. I had just signed a new two book contract with Spectra, with titles to be decided later. Then I got an exciting word from my editor.

Because of the success of a hardcover Star Wars trilogy by Timothy Zahn, Lucasfilm had asked Spectra to publish an additional series of paperbacks. Spectra had searched through its stable for suitable authors, sending copies of our works to Lucasfilm for selection. My books were Celtic-based sword-and sorcery, but my Sidhe series books were a fantasy/sci-fi combination, and a review of Riders of the Sidhe said it “has enough derring-do for at least one Lucas film.

Apparently George Lucas thought so too, because I was told he had personally selected me to do a Star Wars book. Even better, I would be writing Book One of the proposed series, taking place immediately after the second Death Star is destroyed [Note: This would have been followed by Margaret Weiss’ Legacy of Doom, with both books to be preceded by Jim Baikie’sExiles of the Force four-part comic-book mini-series from Dark Horse Comics. Weiss later stated that she'd had a disagreement with Lucasfilm, and Baikie’s series was cancelled –Ed.] Being a crazy big Star Wars fan (I saw the first movie seven times in the theater and drank my coffee from a Star Wars mug), you can imagine how thrilled I was.

I was given pretty much free rein on developing my plot, other than that it should take place immediately after the second Death Star is destroyed. I up front figured it would be most logical to deal with a defeated but not destroyed Empire, its military desperately trying to regroup and retaliate against the Alliance, while other elements sought to make peace. Along with this was my assumption that I had to deal with what Luke Skywalker had become, and where he was going as a Jedi.

I spent the first months developing an outline and submitted it to my editor. I want to make the point, here, that I never, throughout all this, communicated directly with the Lucasfilm people or knew who they were. I worked for Spectra, and everything came through my editor. But I was told, and very honored to hear, that George Lucas himself had approved my plot, with one specific alteration—I had shown Sand People without their masks, and he said that that must never happen.

I spent most of the next year writing that book, putting my own books aside. My primary sources were the movies themselves, which I watched over-and-over (often in slo-mo), and a Star Wars Sourcebook for game players from West End Games that Lucasfilm supplied. By the end of 1992 I had a draft ready. I sent it in and waited… and waited. When I inquired as to how it was going, my editor said that the process of the Star Wars project according to one source) that her book would be placed in Position One. This apparently accounted for the “delays” that I had been told about, while she wrote her own book to slip into my slot while I sat idle and ignorant of what was happening for months. I have made a point of not knowing who this other author is, and I have never been able to bring myself to read her book, or any other of the subsequent series, saddened that this so violated my love of everything Star Wars.

Did I confront Lucasfilm and try to fight this situation? Nope. I didn’t know who to contact or how, remember. I worked for Spectra. I had no resources of my own, I was pitifully naïve, and I felt pretty much powerless by that point.

Oh, they graciously let me keep the ten thousand dollar advance. And they threw me a bone letting me still do two Star Wars short stories (for Tales from Jabba’s Palace and Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina), but I was done otherwise. None of my own books came out as the debacle went on (I would normally have published four new ones) I went back to teaching as an English department adjunct for the University of Nebraska at Omaha (my alma mater) and got the book written. I then discovered that, nowadays, an author of fiction can’t even submit a book to a publisher without going through an agent.

I searched for an agent for a couple of years, but found no one. It seems that unless they are sure they can sell a specific book of yours, they won’t handle you. I guess that seems fair. And I had been out of the business (by my own choice) a long time.

But then I got a new chance. An online publisher agreed to put out all my old novels as e-books. He also published my new book, now called Ironclad.

I’ve written other things too, since then. My family does living history at the reconstructed 1820’s frontier outpost called Fort Atkinson (near Omaha). I started a series of historical novels based at the place, and got a history book of the fort published through Arcadia.

So my old fans can still find my books through Amazon. But, man, I’d love to get Ironclad put out as a physical, “and I still have ideas for other fantasy, sci-fi, and horror plots, plus the twenty or so other Celtic/Irish books I’d still like to write. I think I’ve got at least a few viable years of authorship in me. (So, if anybody knows of somebody who’d like to represent me, I am ready to start writing two books a year again.) Otherwise, I am quite content teaching some writing classes and being the school time daycare for my two grandsons, age 3 years and 6 months. “
