The thing is, they clearly have ways of altering and implanting memories, so we really can't trust any of the reported details of any of these experiences. They could all be pure hallucinations or a mix of real and fake memories.

Because of that, it's impossible to deduce any motive or understanding from these details.  Anything they tell us or show us could be a lie, and based on the sheer number and  contradictory nature of reports, that seems to be the case.

Knowing that, all we can really look at is the effect and outcomes of these events, and the fact they are happening at all.

Strip away the details and you will see where the consistencies lie. 

There is some sort of intelligence behind them, that is capable of constructing believable narratives for us. It seems to know things about us and be able to communicate with us. It seems to have some level of ability to predict future events. It wants us to listen to it and believe it's narratives, and doesn't seem to like it very much when we don't. 

At times it drives us into conflict, yet it also sometimes helps us and may even feed us insight and technology. 

Some think it wants to make us fight each other, either to keep us distracted or to feed off of our negative emotions or maybe even to ultimately make us destroy ourselves. If it wants our complete destruction it seems to me it would just do that itself in a myriad of ways, so that's good (either it doesn't want to or it can't, both good options).

It could be that it wants to keep us enthralled and unaware of it, so that it can harvest us or use us for whatever ends. If that's the case, we might be playing with fire a bit by trying to figuring it out like this... 

I think another possibility is it is trying to help us evolve in its own way, by driving us forward through pushing our beliefs and knowledge along, and at times yes making us fight (look how much stronger we got after WW2... Think the shadows from Babylon 5). But if that's the case why not just directly give us knowledge... Maybe it really is about the journey and we need to work for it and it can't just give us everything.
