Saw the trailer and had a feeling it would be feminist trash and so saw the YouTube movie clips and it was. Feminist Karens in the comment section going "yes queen" to all the intentionally distorting words like "nice guy" and "crying wolf". Portraying women when drunk are innocent and unaware of surroundings while men when drunk are aggressive and conscious and consenting. drunk woman = victim, drunk man = predator. When in reality, for these situations usually both are too intoxicated to know whats going on and both are legally at fault but fact is they both are incapable of understanding what they are doing. She literally helps 2 girls get drunk/drugged and, supposedly, raped and scares another woman into agreeing innocent until proven guilty shouldn't matter by making her think her daughter is drugged and going to be sexually assaulted. The movie portrays it's okay because she is justified to extract revenge... even though she wasn't the one that was supposedly the victim, it was her friend who later offs herself.

The message of the movie was another #BelieveAllWomen and #metoo that innocent before proven guilty should never be considered because women are always good and truthful... meanwhile she lies, blackmails, drugs, damages property and assaults people. She finds guys drunk or on drugs, pretends to be drunk too and then reveals she isn't then goes "how dare you". They just take common words/phrases in these televised cases and try to give them all bad connotations when the context they were used in were much more grey. They act like every situation is girl is telling truth and society doesn't believe them because it has always been the case and never have situations as bad as the UVA rape story, aka "A Rape on Campus" never happened multiple times were girls lied to get an advantage and got caught and even after exposed the boys falsely accused are still harassed and can't find jobs because they are forever treated like "they were guilty, they just must have gotten away with it"... even when the girl doesn't even exist in some cases like UVA and feminists still had the nerve to say "they are still guilty"

Disregarding the feminist politics aside, the story is boring, the "plot twist" isn't a plot twist and super cheesy, and the action that is "so well done" is more mediocre that Starship Troopers 2 acting.

As someone else said in comments too "Just another misandry circle-jerk from Hollyweird. Nothing to see here." pretty much sums it up.
