&gt;There’s no such thing as someone with a PD that’s self aware

and

&gt;when so many seek diagnosis simply because they ‘relate’ with said traits

Surely there has to be some semblance of self-awareness to understand the traits that you live with are enough of a problem to seek a diagnosis?  Sure, not every will do this, nor will some people care - either because they lack the ability to do so or just simply don't want to care.

I do.  I've struggled with depression all my life since my very early teens.  I've known I wasn't like other kids, like other students at college, like the people I worked with during my ridiculously varied career.  I had enough awareness to know that my depression alone was not the reason for this, but that it was yet another symptom that lead me to a journey of self-discovery.  I'm not saying I have SPD (yet) because I have sufficient reason to think it might be, but I am sure seeking a diagnosis to examine the possibility.  It might be something else (AvPD for example) entirely.

&gt;A personality disorder are traits which are ingrained in a person

Yes.   And for a lot of PD's they can start to be seen at certain ages.

&gt;in the sense they lack the self awareness to see how their personality is a problem

I know I am a problem.  People have told me.  I have figured it out by feeling fucking awkward when I've done something against the social norm.

&gt;Someone that is aware enough of their issues is an unlikely candidate for a PD.

Tell me - how do people go about getting a diagnosis for a PD?  They have to recognise that there is an issue with their personality, their behaviours, their mannerisms.  Once someone becomes aware of these things, then they can look at what to do about it - ignore it, try to live with it, get help for it, get a diagnosis for it.  It all starts with the realisation that there is something not quite right with the self that needs attention.  I'd hazard a guess that many with diagnosed SPD don't really follow through with treatment, but having the diagnosis gives them a point of reference to understand why they are the way they are.

I'll end with a quote I read regarding the self-awareness of the schizoid:

&gt;Although there is the belief people with schizoid personality disorder are complacent and unaware of their feelings, ***many recognize their differences from others***. Some individuals with SPD who are in treatment say "life passes them by" or they feel like living inside a shell; they see themselves as "missing the bus" and speak of observing life from a distance.
