And to be honest, too many Christians don't take the time to read the Bible either. So you're not in bad company in any way.

&gt;But i feel like it's still kinda accurate.

I'll address something you said previously. Lucifer does not torture anybody. Lucifer ends up getting thrown in hell. But that's his necessary outcome for his behavior. There is no torture in hell. How is a place of non-existence for previously existing spirit being. It's no different than our grave is for the dead physical bodies. Hell is just a place for dead spiritual bodies.

And, if you don't mind, I'll give you a brief overview of scripture. That you can put in your back pocket and think about if ever you have in mind to think about it.

We were given a physical body. That physical body comes with a desire to want to not die. The part of your body that is responsible for maintaining your survival, is called your amygdala. This is something that you can look up on the internet. It is responsible for managing your memories, your emotions, and your survival strategies.

Growing up, as a toddler you start to figure out that it is really good to feel good and it is really bad to feel bad.

As a young teenager, you start to figure out that it is really good to look good and it is really bad to look bad. It's even good to associate yourself with things that look good and it's bad to be associated with things that look bad.

And finally as a young adult, you start to figure out that it is really good to be wise and aware and it is really bad to be unwise and unaware. You will spend the rest of your life trying to figure this one out.

There's more to it. But let's just say that we spend our life trying to survive the experiences we don't like. Like feeling bad, looking bad and being considered unwise and unaware. Of course we also celebrate and enjoy life the most when we are feeling good, looking good and are being considered wise and aware.

If you read the short chapter of Genesis chapter 3, you will read the story of when Eve was considering eating the forbidden fruit. What she says is that she recognized that the tree would be good for food, meaning It would feel good to eat. She says that the tree is pleasant to the eyes, meaning it was good to look at. And the real kicker is, you says that the tree was desired to make her wise. 

Scripture let us know that these three main desires are a part of our physical major, which is different than God's nature. Specifically, we have our body that comes from the world. And then we have our spirit that comes from God. 1 John 2:16 let us know what's going on with us, and let us know what was going on with Eve right before she ate the fruit.

Now there's nothing wrong with having a body. But have you ever noticed that life is much more than simply surviving? And let me illustrate it this way.

If the only thing that was important was making sure we had enough food, proper shelter, and close to where. And maybe some good medical care. Then as long as we had that in our life, then we shouldn't have any issue with slavery. Or a different example would be, if we had all of our physical needs met, like the physical needs of a zoo animal, and we shouldn't have any problem being in jail.

And here's my point about this.

There is something about us as humans that longs and yearns to have an experience that goes beyond mere survival. It is vital that we experience freedom. And therefore slavery is unacceptable. It's also vital that we experience our ability to cause and create things. And therefore prisons are unacceptable.

The only other desire that goes beyond mere survival, is our desire to cause create wonderful things for people that we care about. Including ourselves.

So this is how I describe it. There is a part of us that desires to experience freedom. Specifically, the experience to cause and create things that are wonderful. Specifically, the experience of love, joy and peace for others and ourselves.

Scripture would call this part of ourselves our spirit. But some people don't believe we have a spirit. But nobody denies that freedom, causing and creating, and the desire for love, joy and peace in our lives, is common to everybody. So what you call it is an important.

All of scripture is all about the discovery that when you are stuck in mere survival mode, it has a tendency to kill, steel and destroy your desire to experience freedom to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for others and yourself.

All of scripture, is a story, and a plan, about how to overcome being stuck in mere survival mode, while learning how to walk with some level of mastery, in a way that allows one to experience the freedom to cause and create the wonderful stuff.

Now this is in a very simple version of what's going on. But it is an overview that I'm sure you have never heard of. And if you're like 99.9% of the rest of the world, you're not going to be as interested as the few of us out here who find this story and this methodology of how to enjoy life to be as wonderfully compelling as it is.

Put this on the back burner of your mind. Maybe someday you'll find yourself more interested in how to powerfully get past some of the pitfalls that come along with living life.
