Let's rewind and look at a different place and time, may give a different perspective. (Note: situations are drastically different, but I feel the part I'm focusing on is similar enough for my point)

&gt; I'm sure there are plenty of ~~civilian Palestinians~~ **native Americans** who want to see entire ~~Israeli~~ American cities destroyed.

Imagine people taking your land by force, and keeping it (or in the case of Israel, was given away), they build their homes on it, and then get mad about you living in the area they forcefully moved you to because they want that land as well, and one of them suggests that they want to literally wipe you and your people off the face of the planet... and some idiot is like "well yeah that's bad, but did you know that native Americans fought back to try to take their own land back? Sure seems like both sides are bad"

You really need to understand that "centrist" positions like yours only aid the oppressors

"Well sure black lives matter, but instead of actually addressing police brutality and the systemic issues in the criminal justice system that are literally killing black people (AND WHITE PEOPLE, AND OTHER), can we focus instead on what the correct way to protest is?"

To be 100% honest dude, people that make arguments like yours are either arguing in bad faith or are just so unaware and ignorant that they don't realize they unconsciously are actively aiding one side by trying to distract from the issue with "whataboutism"

This woman just admitted what a lot of other Israelis have expressed directly or indirectly, and they have an extraordinary amount of military strength in comparison to the Palestinians, and are backed by the US... *who by the way is actively selling arms to countries that are already engaging in genocide*. You really wanna take the gamble that the Israelis won't full on start a genocide of Palestinians, and fuck around with this "you shouldn't criticize them for saying they want a genocide, both sides are bad, at least they're being honest"?

You honestly wanna know what I think? I think you do. I think that's what you want to see.
