&gt;I've tried explaining to him several times that he does it too much and he tells me I'm not allowing him to be expressive with his love for me and that it's mean I don't want him to touch me that much. He'll then guilt trip me saying that I must not love him if I don't want his touch.

You told him you were uncomfortable and set a boundary. He twisted your words around, told you that your personal, physical boundaries are wrong, and then made you feel badly so that he doesn't have to change or show you respect. He manipulated you and disrespected your bodily autonomy. That's not the behavior of someone who loves you and actually respects you as a partner. That's the behavior of a selfish person who sees you as an object to be used. (I'm not going to say that he's abusive - he might just be young and unaware of how bad what he's doing is, but I do want to warn you that his method of manipulation is a common abusive tactic. If he does this in other aspects of your relationship, you need to re-evaluate the relationship and make sure that it's actually healthy.)

What you do is you sit down at a time when you're both calm and you stay very calm and you say, "Husband, I don't like being touched very often by anyone, and I don't like being touched sexually in front of other people, and I don't like being touched sexually unless we are in a sexual situation. I have told you before that you touching my breasts, butt, and privates so often makes me uncomfortable. I have asked you to stop before. I am no longer asking. I am telling you to stop. I am setting a boundary. If you want to initiate physical intimacy, that's fine, but only in situations when it's appropriate, like X, Y, and Z. Not at the grocery store or in front of your mother. Not when I'm busy. Not when I'm trying to sleep. This isn't about me not wanting you to express love. This is about me being comfortable in my day to day life. This isn't about me not loving you. I love you very much. But my body isn't available whenever you want it to be. I'm a person, and I'm allowed to have boundaries." If he starts to guilt you, you shut that shit down. Don't let him twist your words around. Don't apologize. Don't defend yourself. Stick to your guns. "These are my boundaries. Respect them. I respect your right to say 'no.' You have to respect mine." 

And, honey, if he can't respect your boundaries, if he doesn't respect your right to say "no," if he doesn't respect your bodily autonomy, that lack of respect will probably show up in other ways or worsen. If he won't stick with what you tell him to, then it's time to examine this relationship and make sure that it's the healthy marriage that you need.
