Finding someone with only their IP is very error prone and usually wrong. The IP that you see is probably routed through various ISPs and a home network. Even if the IP address that you have is correct, they're most likely on a dynamic IP, and it's likely to have changed between the time you got it and now. It is very likely that any information obtained in this way is going to not just be wrong, but point to someone completely unrelated and unaware of the situation. I would recommend avoiding that entire line of thinking. 

If you want to get a person's info, get all of the information that you can from their profile. Depending on the person, they might have their approximate location, pictures they've taken, places they've visited, major life events, etc listed right there in their tweet history. Check out who follows them and who they follow - make a graph of the locations of all of their contacts, two or three deep, and you can be pretty sure that the most common location is either where they live now or where they lived previously. Compare any life events you've found with public records from the area (weddings, funerals, divorces, births, really big parties, arrests, housing records). Check the photos and do a reverse image search, maybe you can find other profiles they've created where they posted the same image. Of course, Google the username - again, maybe there's other profiles with more info. Check Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace (seriously), Pinterest, Instagram, etc. 

Basically, the rule is, use any info you have to link to more info. Be aware that collecting publicly available information is _not_ illegal. (Although harassing, stalking, and intimidating people is, but this is ILPT.) Also be aware that other people can _just as easily do it to you_ (probably easier, if you're not actively trying to prevent it), and it's not illegal for _them_ either. Going all Batman and facing down serious criminals is all fun and games until they show up at your front door.

Edit: spelling
