&gt; Yes, it would. It's called spoils of war.

Literally illegal for about 70 years. It was UN Charter rather than the Geneva conventions, which is what I mistakenly attributed it to, but the point stands.

&gt;In this context, I have to. Wars aren't fought by tiny groups of independent citizens who could never afford more than one tank, if that. Furthermore, not only are all countries not democratic or a republic, all of their citizens are represented by governments. (Otherwise they would revolt)

That is an unbelievably naive view of the world, and of the Middle East in particular. You cannot reasonably demand that people rise up against their governments when the result would be staring down the barrel of a tank. Many people are just trying to live their lives, and the actions of their government can often seem far removed from their day to day. This is especially true for Middle Eastern nations because their borders are largely artificial, imposed by departing colonial governments. Government is often dominated by a subset of the population, generally either an ethic or religious majority or a minority empowered by access to wealth or power.

&gt;That's just how it works, I didn't make the rules and neither does treaties or agreements. (Otherwise there wouldn't be war in the first place)

We literally do make the rules, bud. Yes, we would have to mount a counteroffensive if our enemy refused to obey the principles that we believe should apply to war. *But in this situation, it is our ally that is failing to abide by the principles of war that we have laid down.*

&gt;You have a right to defend yourself by any means necessary which may or may not include killing the intruder. Intruder in this case being magnified to an entire country.

Many societies have decided that this is actually untrue. Disproportionate response is illegal in many places.

&gt;Ultimately, the Iraq war was OUR fault for being careless and ignorant of what our country is becoming despite repeated warnings that we were becoming a military economy and re establishing colonialism. Iraq didn't start in 2002, it started in 1950 when we became Earth police and built the strongest military in Earths history.

Then it sounds like we should let Iraq have WV.
