Don’t fall for it, guys.
The ‘I Love You’ food truck is ran by Café Gratitude. The owners of that company aren’t vegan, they only run a plant-based business. They raise and kill their own cows. They’re making a killing while still doing the killing!

That is the company that Jaden chose to partner up with. Well, I dunno, maybe because they have the audacity to charge $16 for an Indian Curry Bowl. Oh, I forgot to mention, the dish name is ‘I am Humble’. Like Hell you are! All their other entrees are pretty much priced the same (that is, with the exception of one $10 item which was basically brown rice and beans). Some are even more expensive, if by only a few dollars more - and by God are these the most bland dishes that you’ve ever tasted in your life! Even as a vegan, having gone raw before and Liking “bland”, I’ve tried the food and it was disgusting because it’s just not worth it to chew on tasteless experience of buyer’s remorse.[There was this one Burrito from Café Gratitude here in San Diego I still wince at how awful it tasted. Well, didn’t taste because there was no taste. By far, the Blandest And Most Expensive Food I’ve EVER experienced - and I’ve eaten crispy, nasty fish eyes and gut-wrenching, grainy cow liver prior to my veganism - not vey proud of that, but truth be told I’d rather not waste my time. I probably wouldn’t have been so upset if I had known there was such a place and what to expect, but I’d heard rave reviews from people too embarrassed to admit they just blew their check on BS.
As LeVar Burton says “...but don’t take my word for it.”

This is a business endeavor first and foremost. This is how he advertises:
“I Love You Restaurant is a movement that is all about giving people what they deserve – healthy, vegan food for free,” the star wrote on Instagram.

That sounds like a sales pitch if I’ve ever heard one because it is.
Unless you are pumping your food with lots of excess sodium to make up for the lack of “taste” meat-eating homeless people will miss, then you will be doing them a disservice selling them bland food.

It could go either way...if they make it more palatable for the homeless, it would be super unhealthy for their heart, many would suffer hypertension and go back to eating meat if they had given it up beforehand. If tey would be forcing themselves into veganism, it would be hurting the cause. I guarantee so many will look back and be so joyous and ignorant that they could go back to meat because of the lacking education. Let’s say the clients who go there and say there will be no such thing get offended by that remark: then you are able to care about the sentient beings in this world and it won’t happen, more power to you! That’s what we want - for people to remain vegan.

The fact that going vegan is a trend that people don’t take seriously because if they did, they would.


It would be great if Mr. Smith said that he was going to run workshops encouraging the homeless to be a part of the community by teaching them to speak up for the animals. Imagine if these people have the opportunity to enhance their meals and ingredients based on their contribution? Basically, What if the regular homeless people were simply given rice and beans (which would cost a regular person $20 to buy for them - ****see below - , for the ‘I Am Humble’ dish if they do serve that item since I’m going off the Café Gratitude menu). Then that’s great! Nobody likes a hand out and the people who take advantage will continue to do so, so of course being a part of positive change will help their self-esteem as well as their bodies. This would be a huge contribution to positive change. 

Who the hell knows a homeless person who isn’t craving Carl’s Jr. over a good helping of fruit or a bowl or hardy veggie soup?
Which is, of course not what Café Gratitude sells, if you see their portion sizes, it’s a fancy place(meaning little servings).

Of course, Skid Row (where the food truck this restaurant is being based off of) is truly filled with homeless people, but we know they have no food because they have no house and no hygiene.
Does Jaden realize that this does not end homelessness, just makes it easier on them...which in turn can lead to even more homelessness? I’m Not saying NOT to help people, but teach them to help themselves is a major step up.

Homeless People walk into grocery stores all the time and they do to eat because they're That desperate. If the community that helps Jaden’s food truck and restaurant are no longer able to, and the food stops, what resources do we have for these people?


He has the ability to open up a homeless shelter and I believe that would be a better contribution because he would the be able to aid more people in the long-run because like I said, the hand outs are a great temporary solution. The homeless crisis in Los Angeles is ever-growing even with food banks.

Maybe if he were to give these homeless people Jobs, then I’d be on board. There’s a start, you know?



Well, that’s the kind of food you think when you hear “vegan”, but 
He’s having regular citizens who aren’t hoarding all of their “New Balance” ad deal money pay for it.


https://plantbasednews.org/news/celebrities/jaden-smith-vegan-restaurant-feed-homeless/

The article on Plant abased News reads:
“The celeb says anyone can order plant-based food from the eatery, but customers not suffering from homelessness are required to 'pay it forward'”
and
“This is where customers purchase a meal for twice its original cost, to provide a free meal for somebody who can’t afford it.“


****He is making other people pay while he gets all the credit for it. A food truck has little to no overhang costs, working multiple food trucks is better than investing in a building for a restaurant. Regular Joes or people coming out from their Hollywood Hills are the ones who would be funding this community service.


No thank-you, I’d rather give that extra $20 I’m spending on overpriced food Directly To the homeless person next to me...who probably wants a beef burger or a pack of cigarettes to deal with all the spoiled hipsters living out of their cars and who leave less resources for the real homeless community who is desperate for shelter in this awful too-cold-for-California weather we’ve been encountering. Manipulating the poor into further poverty is really disingenuous, I really wish people would see that.
Not very well thought-out, I don’t believe. On the other hand, having people pay for good quality and at a decent price and being able to directly buy for these homeless people instead of keeping this all anonymous, now we’re talking. Then the person feels more accountability knowing they are being helped directly and it’s not all a big machine they can take from at whatever cost, even if it means cutting in line or whatever negativity comes from the population having to support the less fortunate rather than the Big Businesses Jaden sure knows a heck of a lot about.
