&gt;Government is inherently corrupt/inefficient, so private businesses can do it better. 

Private business are inherently corrupt and only efficient toward their own profit. 

&gt;Healthcare is currently as expensive as it is because the government keeps meddling and a free market solution would be cheaper. 

I'd say it's due to it not being at a great point it's somewhere between government and free market but doesn't have either benefits. 

&gt;I don't personally need expensive healthcare at present, so why should I pay for other people?

Because you live in a society and that mindset would basically lead to the worst outcome for everyone because most of the time people don't need healthcare. So if everyone just doesn't pay it becomes incredibly expensive to the few people who currently need it and no one has that kind of reserve.
It's like saying "i don't currently drive on a highway so hy should i pay so that other people can drive on it?"

&gt;My premiums are unbearably high as-is, why would I want to make the system more expensive and more encompassing? 

Again a claim you don't really provide proof for. There are plenty of studies that claim it would become cheaper. 

&gt;Once people get used to free programs it builds an entrenched voting block that stays dependent on a given party for life. 

Assumes the other party is vehemently against the program and would abolish it again. (A two party system is not democratic....)

&gt;I'm well off-enough to afford insurance and other people should have worked harder if they wanted to be insured. 

Very egocentric and ignorant of the fact that there is a multitude of reasons other than "they didn't work hard enough" why some people can't afford it. 

&gt;And the taxpayers unanimously agree on... well nothing.

At what level of agreement would it be okay to do something and "force" others to follow suite. I mean there is disagreement about everything which is kind of the point of a democracy but also that if enough agree on something it's going to be done that way. 


In my opinion there are things that are best handled by a the government  because the benefit of organisational ease, collective funds and non profit orientation lead to the best possible situation for the everyone.
Sure maybe privatised healthcare could lead to great benefit through competition but each competitor would still have to cut as many costs as possible meaning trying to not pay when they should and not seek certain investments.

Take infrastructure for example. The government would have to provide a suitable standard for everyone meaning there will have to be hospitals or way to get to rural areas. Private companies wouldn't provide that service because it's not profitable enough.
