I think “stealth” means whatever you define that as. My family, some of their friends from years and years ago, and medical people know for me. I just define it as, “I don’t tell people I meet, I don’t make it public, and I don’t define myself as it or let conversations happen discussing it unless it’s important and privately with people that know.” I think telling everyone that tries to talk to you about it, that you see modern transgender culture as more of an identity-driven label than a medical condition or a way to describe someone with a dysphoria-diagnosis, and that you don’t want your medical history to be talked about because that’s your business and medical trauma (especially related to conditions that involve mental illness like depression, and sometimes invasive surgeries). My family, especially the younger very liberal ones, wanted to be very open about my identity, and go to pride, etc. They seemed to understand a bit after I explained to them that I don’t and will never use the word “trans” to describe myself outside of medical professionals that are honestly so dumb and ignorant that the only way they understand is by using terms like that and usually don’t know gender dysphoria is even a thing. I just say I was born with the wrong genitals, but I will try my best to fix that as quickly as possible, and it’s no one’s business at all unless they are performing the surgery. There’s a reason doctors have HIPPA and can’t disclose medical information- I bet these people wouldn’t want any of their medical history exposed. They probably wouldn’t even want something like their weight to be defining them and their doctors, friends and family going around telling everybody. Or people to debate their genitals and what they look like. 

It sucks that you have to live like this and worry about who does or doesn’t know. Please know it’s always okay to lie in situations like this, too. You don’t owe anyone anything and it’s not dishonest to deny or refuse to talk about what your doctors saw when they saw your newborn body. It’s creepy if you really think about it. :(
