You're right that in hindsight I would not take this project on but it wasn't really that I couldn't handle the project. The issue was that I was given mixed messages - should I lead the project or should I follow orders? I would love to have led the project and done it my way - then it would have gotten done much more quickly. But my boss didn't trust me with the project because I was new, so he told me to follow orders from a principal dev. 

The principal dev had an absolutely stupid approach to the project but I didn't feel that I had the authority to overrule him although I questioned him multiple times but he kept reiterating to do it his way. 

I had finished coding in 4 weeks, which was the deadline listed on the card. So in my eyes I hit the deadline. But after you finish coding you review it with the product team and at this meeting they gave me a whole new set of changes because they changed their mind and didn't like the original spec. 

I told my boss this happened at the sprint meeting and he is so aloof and unaware that he didn't remember. Then he had a meeting with the CEO and suddenly he's freaking out about this project when two days ago he barely even remembered it existed. 

He typed in a very urgent way "WHAT IS THE STATUS ON THIS PROJECT? IT'S TAKING WAY TOO LONG!" I reminded him that I told him that I had finished and had the QA meeting and that there were brand new change requests that I was working on. He doesn't even give responses when I say things like that - he just leaves me hanging??? Most I can hope for is a thumbs up emoji. I have no clue if what I'm saying is getting through to him.

Then the next two weeks he blamed me for the dumb approach of the project as if he wasn't the one to tell me to follow the other principal dev.

In reality in that last two weeks I was working on what is essentially a new project, but my boss sees it as taking longer on the old one. We have casual discussions about how long it should take and I'm sorry but it's impossible for me to say. Looking back I could have not taken this project, and I could have been less optimistic in my estimates, but what is a managers job? Are they supposed to do anything other than hire people and fire people based on whether a singular project gets done, having no idea about the internal details about what's going on? I can self reflect all I want and I have, but this is partly on him as well. Why is it my job to estimate how long this project should take when he's the one who is familiar with the codebase top to bottom with years of experience and I am still discovering the codebase as a new dev? Why put me through a grueling 3 week interview process, onboard me, do all of this team building crap, then fire me because one project took 6 weeks instead of 4 while I'm learning on the job. It's asinine to be honest...
