&gt;Everything that I said about the church is historically correct. You can research it, but you're taught that anything that doesn't satisfy your confirmation bias regarding Mormonism is of the devil and filed away as "anti"

I'm very much open to hear other sides of the argument, and we aren't actively taught that in church at all. Yes, sometimes we like to tune out the naysayers because we want to focus on what we believe matters, you have a point, but not all of us are completely oblivious and ignorant of the other side of the argument. It is worth noting that I could say the same about you, rehearsing your doubts about the church with other doubters creates confirmation bias as well. Maybe I do have confirmation bias, but we all have biases though, don't we? I will have to disagree that everything you said was factually correct. Polygamy is a touchy subject, and even was for the early Saints. Joseph Smith himself didn't like the idea. 

&gt;The fact is, the Mormon church was created for old perverts to fuck little girls  
Founder Joe Smith would offer church leadership positions to men like Heber C Kimball with young daughters (Helen Mar Kimball; age 14), as long as they'd give their daughters to Smith to have sex with

Do you recall how church leadership positions are appointed? Could you show me some tangible historic evidence that proves this, like Joseph Smith's own journals and writings or something of the sort? And yes, Heber C Kimball had multiple wives, and as far as I know they were not young girls. Even if they were young girls, how would those crimes committed centuries ago prove to the world that our beliefs are false? What is your point? Why was the church created, and why is it bad?

&gt;My man, I've got 34 years in this stuff. Was in charge of missionaries over four US states. Also served a mission myself and eventually had to apologize to all of my converts

What is there to apologize for? 

&gt;Or only men being allowed to be given the priesthood.

What is the priesthood to you? 

&gt;In 2021, people want to see zero distinction between men and women which I think is stupid. There are differences between genders and I don't see why anyone has an issue embracing that. We're just humans.

Could not agree more! I think we have a lot in common. As I reading your message, I'm wondering if the reason why you left the church was because of the struggles that the early Saints had and the bad reputation concerning it? Anyways, I really appreciate the civility on your part, it's easy to get worked up over these kinds of things!
