You might be thinking, “What is this metal thing?”. If not, cool… I oncehad a guy assume it was a refrigerator. He never even questioned ituntil I told him what it was. A lot of people see many things withoutany clue as to what they really are every single day and never reallyquestion anything. Well thinking this is a refrigerator or whateverwithout figuring out what it truly is, is like automatically assumingthe first computer you ever saw was nothing other than a battery orsomething. Anyone who thought that, might not ever get to discoverBlender… Along with everything else a computer is capable of. Imaginethe same scenario for many other things. In this case, the metal thingis a cryostat. It is a large container filled with liquid nitrogen. Thecontainer is about 11ft tall and although liquid nitrogen is -196degrees celcius, the outer layer of the cryostat is room temperature.Between the inner and outer layers is a vacuum without air like athermos bottle. This way, the liquid nitrogen boils away at the slowestrate possible and the cryostat needs to be refilled less often. Why isit outside though…? That has to do with what is submerged in the liquidnitrogen and my own artistic expression. People are kept inside thesecryostats. About eight people are kept in each one of these cryostatsand maintained within cryostasis at freezing temperatures so they can bebrought back to life in the future when it is possible to do so. Thereare various versions of cryostats that all look unique and that are usedat different facilities, but this one specifically is used at theCryonics Institute in Michigan. It is outside in this artisticrendition, because it represents the experience and the memories thatthe cryopreserved people have in cryostasis. They are mostly unknown,they are alone, and they are waiting for scientists to develop thetechnology to revive them. They are unconscious and unaware of theirsurroundings. To them, they might as well be anywhere. Although they arenevertheless alive, there is also no telling how much of their memoriesare retained since some amount of decay is likely involved and thecryopreservation procedure itself has a few harmful effects. As suchwith broken memories, perhaps only fragments of their personal lives andcore understandings of nature remain etched into their minds. Hence thescattered pieces of the cryonics facility lay thrown about the forestfloor as if it were a vague dream. What neural connections remain in thecellular structures of their brains may even be lost further during thereanimation process, like these pieces of the facility may be lost tothis ever-changing environment. This took me about 60 hours of total work to complete. I worked in Blender all day long every day for about a week straight. Using an Intel10900K CPU and Nvidia 3090 GPU, I made modeled and sculpted everythingmyself. In the black and white render, all the materials have been removed and the only lightsource is the sun in the Nishita sky texture. This is the color of thelight and the shadows and these are the base meshes for all the objectsin the scene. In the final render, a .jpg version of a sky HDRI is usedas a camera ray and glossy ray for the background and reflections. I trynot to rely on textures and materials too heavily, because in realityeverything is a base mesh. I relied heavily on particle simulations. Thecollections of objects for the particle simulations are posted below.There’s pines needles, branches, leafs, sticks, rocks, moss, and grass.
