It is disheartening as fuck to see how deeply racist and blind conservative pea brains like you are. Sadly the propaganda you've been fed all your lives has taken root deep in your underdeveloped brains and your complete lack of any sort of critical thinking skills means you'll never be able to see yourselves for what you truly are; racist classist neanderthal-brained simpletons actively upholding and licking the boots of this broken rigged racist classist failure of a system in which we are forced to live. It's really just sad to know that's what you believe. It must be nice going through daily life for you being so dense and simple-minded, completely oblivious to how the world really is, living in your little privileged white bubble completely unaware and uncaring of the lives of black and brown people. It'd almost be cute how thoughtless and simple-minded you people are if you didn't believe such absolute fucking garbage. I'm glad I was able to break out of my straight white suburban man bubble and actually went out into the real world and learned how it truly is for minorities in this country. I hope one day you'll break out of your little white man bubble too, maybe meet some actual minorities and have real conversations with them about their experience living in this country, and maybe you'll even finally come to realize how you completely lack any sort of human empathy or decency and that your beliefs are inherently racist and so is our entire system that was created by and for us white men to succeed and prosper, in which we are both actively benefitting from everyday thanks to our whiteness, whether you like that fact or not. I know I'm wasting my time on you because you're too brick-brained to understand complex issues like race and politics, and I know this won't change your mind and make you all of a sudden not be a dumb racist pile of dirt, and I *definitely* know that letting you know how dumb you are will trigger your caveman brain and not allow you to really listen to what I'm trying to tell you, but I just truly hope you can someday go out there and get some real actual help, educate yourself, and try to better yourself, because the person you are now is just plain trash and I only needed to read your 4 sentence reddit comment to discern that. This also goes for all the brainwashed cronies upvoting your comment. Anybody who thinks the way you do are pathetic excuses for human beings. Have a fucking heart. Just sad and pathetic.
