Not to go to extremes here, but what we are seeing in business is a reflection of the attitudes of society.  There is a series of phases every civilization goes through from rise to fall.  

Ted Flynn’s book The Great Transformation provides a great deal of perspective to what we are currently experiencing..

From bondage to spiritual growth – . American culture was formed by the injustices that grew in colonial times. Sufferings and injustices cause—even force—spiritual growth. Suffering brings wisdom and demands a spiritual discipline that seeks justice and solutions.
From spiritual growth to great courage – Having been steeled in the crucible of suffering and the ability to endure ,  leaders emerge and people are summoned to courage and sacrifice (including loss of life) in order to create a better world. People who have little or nothing, also have little or nothing to lose and are often more willing to live for something more important than themselves and their own pleasure. A battle is begun, requiring courage, discipline, and other virtues.
From courage to liberty – As a result of the courageous fight, the foe is vanquished and liberty and justice emerges. At this point a civilization comes forth. Heroism and the virtues that brought about liberty are still esteemed. .
From liberty to abundance – Liberty ushers in greater prosperity, because a civilization is still functioning with the hard work. But then the first danger: abundance. Things that are in too great an abundance tend to weigh us down.  the struggles that engender wisdom through discipline fall away. living on the fumes of earlier sacrifices; its people become less willing to make such sacrifices. The discipline and virtues responsible for the thriving of the civilization are increasingly remote from the collective conscience.
From abundance to complacency –  to be self-satisfied and unaware of trends that undermine health and the ability to thrive. Everything looks fine, so it must be fine. Yet foundations, resources, infrastructures, and virtues are all crumbling. As virtues, disciplines, and ideals decay, those who raise alarms are labeled by the complacent as “killjoys” and considered harsh, or judgmental.  Or conservatives or "fascist nazis"
From complacency to apathy – a lack of interest in the things that once inspired. Many seldom think about the sacrifices of previous generations and lose a sense that they must work for and contribute to the common good. “Civilization” suffers the serious blow of being replaced by privatization in growing degrees. Working and sacrificing for others becomes more remote. Growing numbers becoming increasingly willing to live on the carcass of previous sacrifices. Hard work and self-discipline continue to erode.
From apathy to dependence – Increasing numbers of people lack the virtues and zeal necessary to work and contribute. The suffering and the sacrifices that built the culture are now a distant memory. As discipline and work increasingly seem “too hard,” dependence grows. Suffering of any sort seems intolerable. But virtue is not seen as the solution. Having lived on the sacrifices of others for years, the civilization now insists that “others” must solve their woes. This ushers in growing demands for governmental, collective solutions. This in turns deepens dependence.
From dependence back to bondage – As dependence increases, so does centralized power. Dependent people become increasingly dysfunctional and desperate. Seeking a savior, they look to strong central leadership. But power corrupts, and tends to usher in increasing intrusion.  Family and personal virtue (essential ingredients for any civilization) are replaced by despotic centralized control, hungry for more power. the civilization is gradually ended, because people no longer have the virtues necessary to fight.
Another possibility is that a more powerful nation invades and replaces it with their own culture.
