That's the best you can do? 

You have no middle ground between "everything is equally valid" and "oh noes! An evil gatekeeper!"

You base the validity of Magick on belief, but you are ignorant of the arbiter of magick that already exists: Result. Success and failure.

"Child magick is literally just magick done by children. Its wishes. Its silly and playful and to them it's real."

That right there sums up what's wrong with your definition, and understanding of magick. You entirely disregard the place of objective reality, only placing value on subjective reality. It's all about belief and make believe. 

And you don't define things well either. Everything you described child magick as can be and is done by all stages of human development. Likewise, a child could in theory practice most other forms of magick. Nothing about that is inherently childish. 

You also erroneously think gatekeeping is evil. It is not; it serves an important set of functions. It can be done badly or harmful, but it's also very beneficial done right. 

For example- would you want to have someone who's never been to medical school, and has never passed the licensing exam do surgery on you? I'll wager you would be very opposed to it. Because surgery is dangerous and needs to be done right. 

Anything that has power is dangerous. 

Medical licensing is -ABSOLUTELY- gatekeeping, and thank Gods for it. By this gatekeeping they make sure everyone who practices medicine has a baseline of competence and skill. This makes it so anyone can go to a doctor and have reasonably consistently good results. 

The only way you can say what you have is if you don't regard magick as dangerous- and you can only think that way if you don't think magick is powerful. 

That's why you don't care about objective reality or results, just belief. 

This is all just a game to you. It isn't real. It has no more significance than the play of children. 

And that's fine, you do you boo.

But you have no business giving advice on magick to anyone- any more than someone who's never been to medical school has writing prescriptions.

You neither respect or understand the -power- of magick. 

And as such, you neither respect or understand magick at all. 

The only way you could not understand the power of magick is if you've never actually had or wielded it... or at least not enough to respect it. 

And that's why this definition of magick you have is harmful. 

It is born of people who are weak and ignorant of magick. Naturally, and inevitably it breeds the same in those who embrace it. It puts people at risk because they are told anything is equally fine. It makes people cast magick in ways that harms them and others.

You are free to think and act as you please, but if you call yourself a witch, or regard yourself as a practitioner and maintain this mentality you really aren't one.

And you shouldn't be giving advice to people, especially people who are in trouble.

You think you are empowering people, but you are only weakening them. You think you are enlightening them, but you only weaken them. You think you help, but you have not at best.
