Well, I would say you should aim for the cerebral combat of a high tension spy movie or political movie.


For reference, let’s examine True Lies, because I just love that movie.

What makes a situation high tension?

1.  High stakes.

This could be personal (my wife will divorce me!) or political (my country will suffer massive embarrassment).  For true lies, there is the threat of nuclear weapons in the hands of terrorists, mixed with the personal and professional challenges of keeping your loved ones safe and ignorant of the mess of the world.

2. No easy solution 

If combat could solve every problem, there would be no politicians, only generals.  Consider Clausewitz, “War is an extension of politics by other means”.

In other words, combat is the fall back option, not the first solution.  If the negotiator can convince a kidnapper to give up the hostages, why send in the SWAT team?

If Arnold can convince the terrorist arms broker to give up her sources and the terrorists, they wouldn’t have had to call in the military to blow up several buildings and a bridge.

3.  The antagonists are not necessarily bad or evil.  This adds complexity and a necessary shade of grey for that World of Darkness feel.

True Lies doesn’t do a good job of that, but in the context of the movie, Arnold becomes an antagonist to his wife for a portion of the movie.  From his point of view, he is trying to save their marriage.  From her point of view, she has been kidnapped and coerced into a shadowy organization making her degrade herself for safety.  So if you can take that relationship dynamic and apply it to your game, you are doing great.

I think the movie Bullitt does a much better job of this.  It is full of unlikeable but not evil characters, some doing what they think is right, some just acting in self interest, and some that are just bad people.

4.  There is a time limit.

The bomb goes off in 20 minutes.  I have 2 hours before my speech.  In 1 week the election hits and I have to figure out how to stuff the ballot box.


So with those 4 points, let’s take this scenario.  You have a rich benefactor, a bodyguard, and a scholar (your players) going to a party at an elegant home.  The home is owned by a collector of occult items.  The benefactor has lost out on several high visibility auctions to him, and the scholar wants to prove that the owner is passing off frauds as original pieces.

Now this could be a heist scene, or a shootout, but what about this:

The benefactor must distract the hosts with witty conversations, draw attention with speeches, and swallow his pride to praise the host.

The bodyguard must dance with the ladies (or men, whatever), inciting a bit of jealousy and drawing attention as well.

Meanwhile the scholar is on a time limit to get access to the artifacts/paintings/etc.

Did they have to bribe some people?  What research was done on security?  Is there actual mystic protections he must defeat?

So you can have high stakes with no combat, a social antagonist, and a time limit.
