&gt;So, I should let my child burn their hand because they won’t listen to   
me about not touching the fire? Or smack their hand? Both results would   
be considered punishment would they not?

When a person is so unconscious and unaware that they are likely to seriously harm themselves without intervention, then it is reasonable to most people to take action to change their activity. This does not need to take the form of punishment. Moving someone's hand away from fire is not likely to cause pain and any pain caused would be likely far less than the fire would cause. Pain minimisation is a motive in the action, rather than cause of pain. If someone seems to only respond to physical pain as a method of learning then it is wise to explore why the person is not receptive to learning through other means, rather than simply justifying further pain.  


&gt;my student makes the choice not to learn the material and I make the   
choice not to give them credit. I could punish them with extra work. Or   
let them fail, which would also be considered punishment

If a person chooses of their own free will to not participate in the class work then perhaps it is appropriate to ask why they are there in the first place? Are they there against their will? If so, then no amount of punishment is going to take them on a learning or emotional journey that will make them want to be present. If anything it is more likely to cause them to be upset, possibly bottling it up and then lashing out later against someone else. The massive number of school shooting in the US is relevant here. If someone fails a class through their own non invovlement, it is up to them to take the called for action in a balanced way - that is part of the point of having a threshold for testing.. Not everyone passes.  


&gt; Or my teenager refuses to clean their room in the Food Lion around.   
Nothing works. I take their phones away. That is punishment is it not?   
But their room is now clean…

I'm not sure what you meant by food lion - maybe that there is food lying around?  
Again, it makes sense to go to the core issues involved. Are they not doing the cleaning because they don't value cleaning? Are they rebelling against being told what to do? Is there a more harmonious form of relationship that can be developed that is more based on care and respect, than on force?
