&gt;The maturity of mind also implies inflexibility. On the other hand, if you have a kid in your early twenties, you allow yourself to grow from this new responsibility and challenge in a unique way. Why not incorporate the parenthood into your development, rather than trying to cope with an ever-changing task at your more inflexible age?

OK, I have my doubts about how accurate this is. Humans don't lose the ability to learn from their mistakes once they are older. So how can a 30yo or a 40yo be less flexible intellectually than a 20yo?

Also what happens if the younger parent makes a lot of mistakes with their first child as young parents often do? Will they mature into an inflexible older adult that will repeat their mistakes with all their other children?

It just looks like a younger parent will be maturing at the expense of their child, using it as a lab rat for trial and error. In the end we might get a more mature adult but also a damaged child because they were raised by someone who wasn't ready. 

It's the same reason why you don't appoint a university graduate as a corporate boss immediately, even if their grades are very good.

&gt;Why, though? It seems like most young people don't really know what to do with their lives, and without much responsibility to weigh them down they lean towards hedonism. On the other hand, if you inspire in them purpose and responsibility, they are capable of great self-sacrifice.

There are a lot of "ifs" and not a lot of guarantees. Giving a young person a child doesn't mean they'll grow responsible because of it. It's not a magical responsibility pill. There are plenty of young deadbeat dad and moms that have abandoned their children under the pressure of parenthood.

It's wishful thinking to assume parenthood will lead to responsibility. Also you do not want parents to feel like they are sacrificing their happiness for their child. Because then the child will be viewed as that burden that prevented them from being happy. You want potential parents to be happy and to want to share their happiness with a potential child.

&gt;Isn't the late 20s, early 30s a better time to make a decision about professional career? After you have matured, have figured yourself out, have understood what you need, what your family needs, what the world needs, etc? Essentially, to give yourself more time to explore the opportunities before you. You can still use your time to study for a field even as a parent, your family serving as inspiration and support, conversely, it is difficult to use this time to study how to be a parent, while you are busy with completely different stuff.

And you think it will be easier to build a career with 1-2 young children under your arms? This is logically improbable.

You do not want a couple of young parents with no concrete career to be going to the university, studding for exams and hopping between jobs; wondering what they want to do for a living while their children cry in the background demanding care and stable financial support.

Raising children on a low paying job is a bad idea. Studying for a career with young children is extremely difficult. Being financially unstable and hunting for a job with young children is a recipe for an absolute disaster.

If it will be difficult to study about becoming a parent while being busy with work in your early 30, how more difficult it would be to do it while struggling to build a career and rise the ranks to get better pay. This is essentially putting the cart before the horse.

Lastly the grandparents may be busy themselves, still working themselves, living in another city. It's not the grand parents' responsibility to raise the children of their children. Maybe 100 years ago when families lived together in one house this could be an option, but in today's world this is more and more less likely.

&gt;Because they are kids. One thing is to not have matured completely, and entirely different to be a kid.

See maturity is not a magical switch. A 16 yo and an 18 yo are only 2 years apart. They are not that incredibly different. One is just allowed to vote and to be sent to war. The same way a 21 yo is not that more mature than an 18-19 yo. The have somewhat more life experience, but they are still not too different either.

And that's why young parents are a bad idea. Parents in their early 20s are only slightly more mature than their late teen contemporaries. We call them adults, but they are still only just learning about being true independent adults. They still don't know much about themselves and the world and they definitely cannot be trusted with a baby that is even more defenseless and unaware of the world.
