You elected a childish president that showed no respect and no class, and have the balls to try and call Obama classless, really dude?

So tell me, if you have something you prefer are you not explicitly saying "this thing is superior"?  Try and tell me something you prefer without describing how its superior in your opinion, you wont be able to because that statement is a direct indication of your opinion of superiority and inferiority.

Can we agree Trump meant to only insult McCain, maybe, maybe we can say he is that fucking dumb and ignorant that he had no idea the words about to tumble out of his mouth, but you voted for him as your spokesmen, that is literally the point of a leader to speak for those who support them and you chose a man who "accidentally" told every POW that they are inferior in his opinion because he prefers soldiers that weren't captured, while I prefer people who didn't dodge the draft like the coward Trump is.

As for the tan suit I don't get it either, but fox news sure did spend a few months complaining and bitching about it as somehow unpresidential, what did they have to say about Trump being a childish prick who orchastrated during the anthem?  What did Fox news have to say about Democratic politicians not standing silently in respect of the Anthem hand over heart compared to Trump doing that childish bullshit?

Silence on Trump and OMG DEMOCRATIC POLITICIANS ARE TRAITORS TO AMERICA, I didn't mention kneeling and the specific reference I am making was to a man who put his hand under his suit over his heart, but the photo they used was taken from an angle that didn't show that, TRAITOR they called him for that.

Kneeling for the anthem btw, just so you know was a suggestion BY A VETERAN because its what they do to SHOW RESPECT TO FALLEN TROOPS.  A veteran contacted Kaepernick angry at how he chose to sit during the anthem and after talking he convinced Kaepernick to kneel because it was more respectful TO THE VETERANS, yet here you are calling it less respectful than childishly orchastrating during the anthem.

Take a moment to think about that, because Fox news never even reported on that video even to defend Trump, absolute silence because a republican president can do no wrong ever in any situation and people like you will grasp at any straw they can find to not just say "yeah it is hypocritical and a little disgusting and we should be better than that".

I give you some credit because unlike most conservatives you at least give a mild disapproval of some of Trumps actions, but your mental gymnastics to diminish those acts from disgusting to just "childish" while you simulateaneosly call saluting with a coffee cup in your hand as classless belies the truth.

When a democrat does something as bad as Trump you can be damn sure I will be calling them out for it as strongly as I call out Trump, your comments here show you can't say the same thing.

If Obama had insulted McCain the way Trump did you would be criticizing it a hell of a lot harder than you are, because support the troops is a slogan without depth.
