&gt; Yeah, they were graphs of rates of profit. Quite relevant I would say :P

That's not what profit rates are.

If you spend $X in a year, and make $Y, your profit rate is (Y-X)/X. So if your costs are $40 million, and your revenue is $50 million, your profit rate is (50-40)/40 = 25%.

That's what a profit rate is. That's what a profit rate *means*.

&gt; No it doesn't. Because those Capitalists do none of the work.

If they aren't contributing anything, then why is it that they're essential to getting things done?

You're just flat out lying.

Those factories don't magically appear out of thin air. Companies don't magically organize themselves. Equipment doesn't manifest itself out of the aether.

"Capitalists" serve a vitally important role in managing the business and determining how assets are being allocated.

Efficient allocation of scarce resources is vitally important. It's real work. It's some of the most important work there is, in fact.

And that's what capitalists do.

Anyone who understands anything about the world understands this.

The thing is, socialists are incompetent. And because of that incompetence, they have a false sense of superiority.

Marxists are the Dunning-Kruger Effect writ large.

&gt; They have. There are quite clearly significant drops in the graph you posted.

And there are significant *increases* as well.

There is no long term trend in profit rates. The average profit rate has gone both up and down.

There's no net directionality to it. Indeed, profit rates now are as high as they've ever been.

I mean, seriously. You can't even understand graphs if you don't understand that.

Sadly, you are incompetent and unaware of it - and thus, you are unaware of the fact that you don't understand anything.

&gt; very roughly speaking, this means the logical way to produce a commodity, for example, is buying a given resource, paying someone to work on it and then sell the finished profit at a higher price than the total production cost. this means the product has a total value that's lower than what those who worked on it are being paid. that means the surplus was pocketed by someone who did nothing but own the machines and resources necessary to employ those who worked.

Ah yes, they did nothing more than **contribute vital resources to the process**.

The problem with narcissists is that they are incapable of recognizing that contributing vitally important resources and organization is important.

They think that it's all about them.

This is why socialism is a narcissistic ideology - it fails to accept the reality that you are not the source of all value.

The reality is that, without that factory, you would not be able to produce that value.

Without the raw materials, you would not be able to produce that value.

That means that contributing those things is vitally important.

In fact, the factory you work in is undoubtedly vastly *more* important than you are.

Factories are vastly more expensive than you are, and require vastly more labor.

A billion dollar die fab facility represents 20,000,000 man hours at $50 an hour, or 40,000,000 man hours at $25 an hour.

If you put in 2000 hours of work per year, you represent 0.0005%-0.001% of that per year.

You are a *tiny* part of the whole.

You are not the primary source of value here.
