
&gt;That's not what profit rates are.

I never set out to define it?

&gt;That's what a profit rate is. That's what a profit rate means.

Never said otherwise. Anywho, so how is this not relevant then?


&gt;If they aren't contributing anything, then why is it that they're essential to getting things done?

Because we live in a Capitalust world. Meaning that the Capitalist controls the means of production therefire forcing workers to work for them. This doesn’t mean they do any of the work required to make commodities though.


&gt;factories don't magically appear out of thin air. Companies don't magically organize themselves. Equipment doesn't manifest itself out of the aether.

Thanks for proving my point. Because it’s not the Capitalist tgat builds factories or makes equipment :P

&gt;”Capitalists" serve a vitally important role in managing the business and determining how assets are being allocated.

One man doesn’t do all that lmao. Such a process is left to countless different people.

&gt;Efficient allocation of scarce resources is vitally important. It's real work. It's some of the most important work there is, in fact.

It is nothing without the worker. You can throw all the risk or investments you want at a mine. That won’t get you coal. Labour power is required to make commodities. And without commodities, capitalists have nothing.

&gt;The thing is, socialists are incompetent. 

Yeah that’s why the USSR industrialised and modernised an agrarian backwater in a matter of years.


&gt;Marxists are the Dunning-Kruger Effect writ large.

I don’t think you know what that word means.

They have. There are quite clearly significant drops in the graph you posted.

&gt;And there are significant increases as well.

Are you illiterate or something? I literally adressed this and how it doesn’t disprove the Tendency of the rate of profit to fall.

&gt;There is no long term trend in profit rates. 

Yeah there is lmao, just look at the myriad of graphs I showed you where there is a clear downward trend. Even in those graphs tgere are spikes and growth that last for some time, but the tendency is still noticeably there. Your graph does not disprove this, it just runs parallel to theory

&gt;There's no net directionality to it. Indeed, profit rates now are as high as they've ever been.

https://images.app.goo.gl/mxzvXu2wTTFDp94Q9

https://antoncebalo.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/falling-rate-of-profit.png

&gt;I mean, seriously. You can't even understand graphs if you don't understand that.

Right back at you bucko

&gt;Sadly, you are incompetent and unaware of it - and thus, you are unaware of the fact that you don't understand anything.

As if You’re not the one posting sources as if they don’t prove my point

&gt;Ah yes, they did nothing more than contribute vital resources to the process.

But they didn’t. They didn’t exactly build it themselves ya’know &gt;_&gt;

&gt;The problem with narcissists is that they are incapable of recognizing that contributing vitally important resources and organization is important.

I agree. But you’re forgetting two very  important pieces of information:

1. They didn’t make it

2. Doesn’t change the fact that they still are extracing surplus labour value

&gt;They think that it's all about them.

Good thing I’m not a narcissist then!


&gt;This is why socialism is a narcissistic ideology - it fails to accept the reality that you are not the source of all value.

Bro this is literally one of the most important hallmarks of Socialism. It states tvat value is eerived from avereafe socially necessary labour time.  Ot what some random bloke says

&gt;The reality is that, without that factory, you would not be able to produce that value.

Riddle me this, who built that factory? Who produced and mined those raw materials? Who created those commodities without which profit would be impossible to have or gain?

And a quick separate question, who is the one (ironically) proving my point?
