&gt; Never said otherwise. Anywho, so how is this not relevant then?

Because it means that Marx's belief in the tendency of profits to fall - what he thought was his MOST IMPORTANT ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION - was false.

&gt; Because we live in a Capitalust world.

The correct answer is "because capital goods are incredibly important to productivity". And capitalists are who provide those goods.

&gt; Thanks for proving my point. Because it’s not the Capitalist tgat builds factories or makes equipment :P

Of course they did. They set up and built up the company. They didn't lay down every stone, but why would that be important?

If you pay someone to build a house for you, it's your house, not theirs.

If you pay someone to make a tool for you, it's your tool, not theirs.

It's the exact same thing.

&gt; One man doesn’t do all that lmao. Such a process is left to countless different people.

There are people at the top directing it all. Sometimes its one person, sometimes it's a group of people.

&gt; It is nothing without the worker. You can throw all the risk or investments you want at a mine. That won’t get you coal. Labour power is required to make commodities. And without commodities, capitalists have nothing.

Without capital goods, the workers are nothing.

This is the problem with narcissists - they fail to recognize that other people are important. They think they're all that matters.

It's worst with the people who have the least value - because they are in denial about it.

Which is more important - the workers, or the capital goods?

All we have to do is look at reality.

Capital goods multiply productivity *exponentially.*

It is the countries with competent capitalists who set up companies that have lots of capital goods that multiply productivity where people have a high standard of living.

Every country has workers. It's the ones that have the competent capitalists that are rich.

&gt; Yeah that’s why the USSR industrialised and modernised an agrarian backwater in a matter of years.

And yet, they were still very poor, whereas the Western and Northern Europeans were vastly wealthier.

The Asian Tigers did better than they did.

Indeed, South America did better than they did. People in South America are wealthier than the Russians are now.

They started out way ahead of many countries and now are behind.

Why is it that every socialist state sucks?

&gt; They have. There are quite clearly significant drops in the graph you posted.

That's not how *trends* work.

Data is always noisy.

You look in data in aggregate.

Stuff rises. Stuff falls.

The question is what the long term trend is.

And there isn't one. The data is just noise. Profit margins neither tend to increase nor decrease; they tend to oscillate around an average. The average they oscillate around changes from time to time, but it can go up and down as well.

It doesn't have any actual tendency to go in any particular direction.

&gt; Are you illiterate or something? I literally adressed this and how it doesn’t disprove the Tendency of the rate of profit to fall.

Saying something doesn't make it true. The data doesn't show any trend.

A lack of a trend shows means you're wrong. You keep clawing at your face and shrieking.

Everything you believe is not just a lie, but an obvious lie.

Anyone who has even the most basic level of ability to do numerical analysis knows you're wrong.

The graph shows you're wrong. You're clinging to the fact that it goes down sometimes, while ignoring the fact that it goes back up just as often. There's no net trend in either direction - it's just noisy data.

&gt; Yeah there is lmao, just look at the myriad of graphs I showed you

None of those graphs are of profit rates.

When you claim that profit rates drop, and your evidence isn't graphs of profit rates, it means that you don't actually have evidence.

It'd be like me linking to a graph of global temperatures and claiming that profit rates are rising because the graph is going up.

It's completely irrelevant and nonsensical.

This is why you are so upset. You are incompetent and unaware of it. You cannot even understand how to do analysis on a basic level.

Pseudointellectualism is a cargo cult of actual intellectualism.

You know that linking to data is what smart people do, but you don't understand what data to link to, or why that might be relevant or important.

&gt; But they didn’t. They didn’t exactly build it themselves ya’know &gt;_&gt;

They organized it.

Without them, it wouldn't exist.

&gt; Doesn’t change the fact that they still are extracing surplus labour value

Except that most of the value generated is due to the use of *their* capital goods.

How much of the value is due to the labor, versus the capital good that multiplies the productivity of said labor?

Facilitating higher productivity is insanely valuable.

The problem with narcissists is that they don't understand that when they operate an autonomous machine that cost a million dollars to build, they aren't the most valuable part of that system.

&gt; Good thing I’m not a narcissist then!

Of course you are.

You disregard the value of contributions of other people and your responses are all a desperate attempt to show how smart you are.

&gt; Bro this is literally one of the most important hallmarks of Socialism. It states tvat value is eerived from avereafe socially necessary labour time.

Yes, that is why socialism is built around narcissism.

The reality is that people work for "capitalists" because working in a factory multiplies their productivity by orders of magnitude.

The factory generates most of that value, not them personally. They're just one part of a much larger system.

Narcissists don't understand this, and disregard the value of everyone else, even though those other people are the ONLY reason why they can produce things of value.

They work in the factories because they generate far too little value working for themselves.

&gt; Riddle me this, who built that factory?

Who organized the builders?

Who set up the structure for this whole thing to exist in in the first place?

Heck, who is paying the builders in advance of anything actually useful being produced?

After all, the only way for a factory to produce value is *after* it has been built - but the people building the factory need to be paid beforehand.

Where does that money come from?

It comes from previous profits from previous ventures, or money lent out to people with a good business plan who can convince other people that this is something that scarce resources should be spent on.

The entire thing only exists because of those people who are organizing it and convincing other people that this is a good idea.

Without the organizers, without the planners, without the people who come up with these organizations - you have nothing to build in the first place.

You're a narcissist.

You cannot understand that these people are more important than you are.

Maybe if you could, you'd actually do something of value.

But you never will, will you?

Because that would require you to admit that you aren't special or important. That if you never existed, the world would go on, and it would probably be a slightly better place, because I wouldn't have wasted my time having this conversation with you.

Perhaps if you spent more time thinking about how to produce value for other people, rather than complaining about how you deserve more, you would *actually* deserve more.
