We prosecute people who shoot people over TVs. Unlike pop culture would like you to believe. We actually have to prove our self defense. We legally cannot shoot people unless our life or someone in close proximity to us is also in danger of life threatening injuries. 

If someone is just stealing a TV and or is retreating. It does not give us free reign. 



So because I own amd carry gun because I live in the country with black bears and mountain lions and I wish to protect myself I have a small dick. Because I wanna give myself the best chance of survival in a crisis situation I have a small dick? Your argument boils down to "I don't like guns so no one should have them and you have them you got a small dick"

If you live in a city it's pretty hard to understand the necessity of owning a gun for protection. Rural life is rough, between animals that can maul your face off or living in an area of high poverty and high crime rates it makes sense to own a personal defense weapon one that will stop the threat. I highly advocate woman owning one to prevent rape from occurring. It's the great equalizer and can firat deter the threat and stop it if necessary.


I'm not an anti immigration person. I enjoy my foreign brothers and sisters come to join us in this great experiment of freedom. But unregulated immigration of uneducated non skilled labor with out a plan to help them can cause a rise in crime especially violent crime. 

I figured you were. I'm sure you are not as well traveled as you believe. Do you walk alone at night in your city? Do you go to the parts where the refugees have moved in. Do you visit the shanty towns of plywood and tarps? I'd imagine not. You are the worst anti gun advocate you are uncultured uneducated and ignorant of the world. I wish I didn't need a gun to feel safe walking in a city at night I wish that i could trust my fellow man. But till the day that the gang bangers stop drive by shootings, till pedophiles don't exist, till rapist are extinct I'll carry.
