No. Just no.

Firstly, comparing which state killed more people is useless for an ideological comparison, since states aren't completely 100% doing exactly as the ideology would theoretically command always. Especially since ideologies are very vague on many many details. Furthermore, comparing the amounts of murders ignores the quality of everybody else's life. I would for example argue - and this is an exaggeration to make a point - having 1 million people living in the worst possible conditions is not necessarily better or even directly comparable to 50 people being killed and the rest of people having an amazing quality of life. I hope this makes the problem of just looking at numbers of deaths useless.

Furthermore, states don't exist in a vacuum. Most socialist nations were less developed than the capitalist states. If we include all the death and suffering that existed during capitalist industrialization, the numbers would look very different already. Also, many states had a history of being colonized and exploited, which has many long term consequences, especially when reparations are lacking. Eastern Europe, also for example, was far harder hit by the Nazi war machine, which waged an extermination war in the east specifically, causing much suffering even after having surrendered. Thus, not every famine, for example, can just be blamed on the state it occurred under.

Also, when do you cause a death, especially as a state. Sure, executions kill people. But most deaths aren't executions. You could for example argue that states with free, public health care have generally far less health issues than states with a privatized, profit-oriented health sector. Not receiving medicine or treatment kills people all the time, oftentimes not even directly. Now, how would we count deaths like that. Maybe we should look at the average age of death, but then states with legalized euthanasia would probably look much worse.

In short, just counting deaths and comparing them is useless and ignorant of the circumstances and contexts in which the deaths occurred.
