I can understand her struggle completely. It's not just that but there are so many things that comes after abuse that like you said if you haven't experienced it then you don't understand it. And i completely understand why there is only an exclusive amount of people who knows down the the most intimate details. Even my bf doesn't know all the things that happened to me because i'm not sure what he would think of me. I've even told my bf to only share general information to get advice and not go into details if he feels the need to seek advice from his family to help me. And like you said it's her story to tell and i can understand why it makes it harder for you to process the information because you didn't experienced it yourself. Secondhand trauma is a thing and if i were you i would definitely see if you can come to therapy with her if she is okay with it to talk to her therapist and see if they can recommend anything you can do to help her as well as yourself. Because believe it or not if you let your secondhand trauma sits it'll start having effect on you as a person. Gosh i can tell you so many times the people in my life responded in such a way that it makes me mad that they sounded so selfish and ignorant of my trauma but then i had to remind myself that most people have never been in this kind of situation before and so they don't understand and their brain kinda malfunctions a bit. And it's hard as a survivor to be able to open up to have a normal conversation with other people because that's not what our normal looks like. Our normal is a series of explosive events with shift blames and violence and it can turns nuclear in a matter of seconds. So i can definitely understand that. It's taken so much time and effort for me to not go into a panic attack if my bf doesn't respond to a text within a matter of minutes because my brain goes oh no what did i do wrong and how should i anticipate this. Even with a sympathetic parent or friends or whatever because i've got a lot of those on my end, it doesn't feel the same as with those we are completely comfortable around because we don't know how people would think of us if they knew the truth. Like for instance take me. I'm super hyper and positive at work and i'm always working my butt off but behind closed doors i'm a world of abused and trauma since i was a kid. A first glace you would think i've had it easy but not until you get to know me that you would be scare to even touch me because i could break at any second. That kind of thing. If i were you i'd be there for her when she needs you. I would even recommend going with her to therapy if she is okay with you tagging along because that might help you as well to see things through her point of view and to be able to resort things through as a supporter. I'm not sure how that would work because therapy never really worked for me and i've resorted to writing and drawing other things that helped me cope. But definitely see if that is an option. 

As far as rambling goes these things never cease to become rambles. The more you seek advice for the more you'll be able to help and understand. It's one of those things that people never really pays attention to and rarely talked about because domestic abuse starts out sooo subtle that when it's a problem you find it hard to get out. 

I'm glad that your relationship with your gf is going great! Im hoping for better thing to comes for both of you. I know you'll take good care of her because here you are asking for advice on how to support her. And oh man i cannot tell you how upset i get when i think about my abuser getting the easy end of the stick. I hope everything goes well for both of you! Don't hesitate to message me if you need any help!
