But your arguement leading up to this has been that it doesn't happen to white people at all. I hope you can understand why I was so strongly in disagreement with that.

CRT does tell you to do and view things a certain way, not just read it. For example Coca Colas diversity training thats based off CRT, that expressly stated "be less white", to me that says to do and view something in a specific way, wouldn't you agree?  My problem with CRT is that its an example of covert racism as defined by CRT itself. CRT posits that a white person in a white majority country that's had other ethnicities disenfranchised is inherently racist because they're born into a system that benefits them even if as with my moms case it's not the truth. So according to CRT my mom is a racist, and she just doesn't know it. Even though she harbors no ill will, resentment and prejudice for anyone. When we fled Bosnia she was almost caught and raped, I would've been murdered on the spot. Yet my mom and my dad have made friends with people who were literally fighting on the side trying to ethnically cleanse us, most of them had no choice they would be shot as deserters.

I had somebody argue with me before that CRT asserts that being "colourblind" aka not judging people on their skin colour is a form of white supremacy because there's no way a white person can't judge others on anything other than their skin colour. I explained to another person how my parents raised me to judge people on character and actions, not their paint job(my dad's words) and they told me I was lying to myself and sheltering myself in a perfect bubble. It's just mind boggling that in an attempt to eradicate racism, we need to label people of a certain race as inherently racist even if they themselves don't do anything racist, or think they're a racist like myself. 

I've considered the history of black people and have had enlightening conversations about whats been done to them in North America specifically with black people, white people especially ones in first world country's can't understand that shit because for the most part they've been sheltered all their lives. If it's one thing I can relate to people with its struggle, oppression, ethnic cleansing because my peoples history is littered littered that shit. This new age CRT bullshit I just can't get behind, I can't agree with people who will tell me the problem is that I'm born white.

When i first came here and heard talking points like"well they need to just work harder, pull themselves up by their boot straps, they must not be working hard enough, they're probably addicts or criminals" I just took it at face value, I was young and ignorant of all the history and current social dynamics. Redlining, redistricting, black Wallstreet, 2 acres and a mule, drug laws that punished poor and minorities for crack while cocaine laws were lax, the fact that the government itself brought crack and coke into the inner cities and minority neighborhoods, the black panthers and how they were infiltrated and destroyed when their sole reason for existing was protecting and uplifting black people lynchings and poverty, the bombings in Philadelphia etc I'm 100% against that and believe it's fucking evil. 

Yet even though I oppose all that, I still have to hear dumbasses tell me I'm the problem because I was born white, or because I literally follow the words of MLK when it comes to race and I'm sheltered in a perfect bubble for not being a racist because according to them that's supposed to be my default setting. Or if I mention I can't support BLM the organization because you constantly see BLM organizers being outed as racists, like the one in Toronto who refered to white people as subhuman. I hear that crap from white and black people, but more so white people who seem to wanna play the savior.

Sorry for the long shpiel, I just couldn't fit all my thoughts on this into a shorter reply. If I come off as combative don't take it personally, that's actually my default setting. My gf tells me all the time I have this ability to naturally speak in a rather dismissive and confrontational tone. This stuff just bugs me, it makes me feel crazy because so many people just don't care to or can't see it critically like I do.
