&gt; There’s a difference between the messaging and believe it or not liberal stations and liberals in general are more willing to be critical of their side of the political spectrum

I don't believe that for a second.  You have to be a literal cult member to believe that.  The statement you just made is so incredibly hypocritical and ignorant of literally everything going on right now that it's not even funny.  

&gt;The reasons republicans succeed is because there isn’t any criticism when it comes to politicians, you vote down the line no matter what and you become a monolith to block the opposition. This isn’t even debatable it’s their strategy.

I'm going to debate it.  I'm going to state that you are so incredibly wrong that you have to be completely ignorant of everything that has happened in the past 4+ years in order to make your statement true.  There are people right now who are republicans who are voting against other republicans and not just on single issues.  The entire election was decided by republicans voting against republicans.  The multiple impeachments had republicans voting against republicans.  The whole farce of Jan 6th had republicans voting against republicans.  Republicans have censured, recalled and ousted multiple republicans. 

Ok, now let's look at democrats.  Well, you have Maxine Waters who would be in jail right now if she were a republican with the things that she's said.  Or literally any of the democrat mayors who have allowed rioting and property damage to run rampant through their cities.  Where have they been held accountable?  

Let's be clear here, we can discuss this topic for a while but for you to conclude that it isn't "debatable" is ignorant, stupid, wrong and screams that you are not informed in any way.

&gt;What I think fox is doing worse, pushing that the election was false, without source or legal recourse, 

Well, maybe the democrats should have actually let the investigations happen and people wouldn't be skeptical.  Let's remind you why we're in this position in the first place.  Do you realize just how many lawsuits were dismissed prior to presenting evidence?  Or the Texas lawsuit where one of the dissenting opinions stated that this isn't a case that they can deny.  It then got dismissed on one side because it didn't have standing and another side because it was moot.  That is not going away.  If you think all of this goes away, it's not.  It's going to be a hundred times worse next election and it's because the cases were being dismissed prior to evidence.  Here's a fun fact for you, 21 cases have been allowed to present evidence in court showing fraud.  14 of those cases were confirmed to be fraud.  

Right now, there are democrats fighting tooth and nail to block the recount that is happening in Arizona.  Why?  If we have election integrity, then why is it a concern?  Everything that is happening to discredit the recount in Arizona is making it more clear that it needs to happen.  If the outcome of that recount is that it matches the actual election outcome, guess what happens?  People become satisfied even if they don't like the outcome.  The push saying that it's voter fraud diminishes.  

&gt;pushing that the storming of the government building was harmless, which is demonstrably false

1 person died and it was a protester who was shot by a still yet unknown officer and the video of the incident shows it as a homicide.  

The story about the cop who died was a giant lie from the start.  First media outlets like CNN claimed he died from a blunt force trauma saying he was hit by a fire extinguisher which was proven false when the facts came out that he died from a stroke at the precinct and no where near the protest.  Then the narrative got pushed that it was bear spray which caused the stroke which was then proven false when the coroners report came out saying it was naturally caused.  But that doesn't stop media outlets from still blaming that on the protest.

Meanwhile, you have politicians claiming they have PTSD from the event as they try to politicize it even more.  They tried to impeach Trump because they tried to claim he was inciting people by telling them to peacefully protest.  (Quick reminder, Maxine Waters faced zero repercussions from Democrats when she told people get more confrontational and to stay on the streets.)

Worse of all, the continued lie that it's an "insurrection" despite literally no one being arrested for anything even remotely close to actions related to an insurrection.  That's not stopping left wing media outlets from continuing to push that narrative.  

&gt;pushing that less taxes for the rich will help the economy, 

Sometimes I get reminders like this that people have no clue how tax revenue works.  Here's a fun fact for you, after the tax cuts happened, tax revenue increased.  

&gt;Obamacare would create death panels to kill your grandma,

Sarah Palin is still relevant?  That was the talk back in 2009.  

&gt;a president with numerous rape accusations is the second coming of Christ.

ACCUSATIONS... ACCUSATIONS... Why do you not understand what the word means?  Here's a fun fact, BIDEN has rape allegations against him but you don't talk about that.

Let's make a point and see if you get it.  I am accusing you of rape.  You now have rape accusations against you.  You are now just as bad as Trump because you have rape accusations against you.

Now, I'm hoping that you are smart enough to realize the point I'm getting at so that you will stop with the fucking stupid narrative where you try to use accusations as an argument.  

&gt;Which is why all the republicans politicians fell in line under Trump even after ridiculing, dismissing, and calling him out during the elections.

Kamala Harris literally called Biden a racist in the primaries and she's now his VP.  Do you just not care about being a hypocrite with your comments or are you just being willfully ignorant?

&gt;It’s about lack of critical thought for their viewership, there is only one way to view this and it’s always dire and can somehow be fixed with more taxes and costs for the middle class and less taxes and accountability for the wealthy.

Given what you've said so far, I don't think you are in a position to talk about critical thought.  It's especially more telling when you talk about more taxes for the middle class considering that Trump cut taxes for the middle class but you probably didn't notice that because you were too busy being told to get upset about the tax changes for the rich.  

Further to that, it's also completely hypocritical as Biden and democrats prepare trillions of dollars for an infrastructure plan that was take the already devastating inflation numbers and shoot them even higher.  You'll make $15 and hour but due to inflation, you'll still have the same amount of buying power.

&gt;The whole point of this post was that they wouldn’t air a commercial with footage of people storming the capital or info about the damage and injuries, because it goes against their big lie.

Or because they would be pushing someone else's big lie.  

&gt;I’m sure this is a waste of time anyway, but I just think people should vote for their interests, and that a lot of lower income republicans are being gaslit into supporting policy that doesn’t aid them.

You say that and then you vote democrat.  You say that and then you vote for the guy shutting down pipelines and making the US energy dependent again.  You say that and then you vote for the guy causing mass inflation.  I hope you realize exactly the hypocrisy that I see in your comments.

&gt;You say critical race theory is being framed as some sort of insane revolution to learning when really it’s just about recognizing the racist things that allowed us to be where we are today. 

Try actually learning about what is being taught before you open your mouth.  You are confusing the 1619 project with critical race theory.  The 1619 project talked about the formation of the US being in 1619 on a foundation of slavery.  Critical race theory is about defining people now based on their race and identity.  

&gt;America wants to have this rebel hero complex with our wealth built on slavery and genocide. 

This has been debunked so many times that it's not even funny.  Slavery and genocide are in the history of the US but it's a complete lie to say that America was only successful because of it is so blatantly wrong that it's racist to actually think that way.  

&gt; It’s not insane to just learn about the slavery and genocide in history, because it’s directly responsible for many things and that’s the point of history?

Critical race theory is not just learning about slavery and genocide.  But that's skipping past the part where someone out there believes that people aren't taught about slavery and genocide when it comes to american history.  This is ignorant.  It's false.  We've been taught about slavery.  We've been taught about the native americans.  We've been taught about all of these things and if you weren't taught these things, you are either lying or you weren't paying attention.

&gt;I don’t think we do ourselves a service by teaching kid a Christopher Columbus was a nice explorer who had polite negotiations with the Native Americans

Then you think we should lie to the kids?  I mean, that's what you are saying here.  You want to present a story to the kids about Columbus but at the same time, not actually be truthful about it.  The reality is a lot more complex than just saying Columbus bad.

&gt; that slaves didn’t have it so bad because some of them had shelter.

I don't know who actually believes slavery "wasn't so bad".  I think some slaves had it better than other slaves, but that doesn't exactly mean much.

&gt;It’s also why it’s sad because most sane people don’t double check information.

And yet here you are.
