It's not all fucking mental. 
It's fentanyl. Hell, any amount to method of intake and type to kind of opiate/ opioid. 
It's tough. 
Probably the worst, but usually the shortest for fentanyl.

There are ways of making it easier or better, but at the end of it all... you will NOT die... you must prepare and get as much thought out as possible. Methadone and suboxone short term use is highly advised as well, as they can help tremendously, but for anything and everything else... be ready and prepare, research and know the clinics and policies to laws are businesses. 

Try and get some methadone ready to the side, and at-home or wherever due to personal tolerances and levels. Start weaning and tapering your drug use to make it more easier for the upcoming battles and transitions. 
Those gabapentins and clonodines to comfort medicines, massages, saunas, eating correctly when and if able to... proper diet to nutrition while staying hydrated with lemon waters to biolytes and gatorlytes and pedialytes mixed with water, the vitamins and supplements... they all seriously came together and made the detox that much better and easier. Support, caretaker, family and trusted friends, safe place and quiet place, etc.

Think!!! Buy time if necessary, but prepare and be ready for this. You can do it...then you yourself may decide maintenance or get clean and detoxed and live your fucking life FREE. FREEDOM!!! Fuck the pharmaceutical industries and the clinics and the evil business models and lacking of care to personalized care and treatment plans to options! The untold options and truths to make everybody maintenance and not give both and all options before the truths so everyone could have been educated and decided for themselves! 

The government must know and must start helping the people! Addicts or dependents or just unaware and scared of withdrawals!

Methadone (prepared and with extra at home) and suboxone/ subutex/ bupe. (must wait... risks of Precipitated Withdrawals) used short term for detoxing and getting past acute withdrawals does and can work! A whole year and a half, then when I didn't know any better I of course relapsed, another five months of hell, researching and searching around and talking with countless people and meeting even about 15-20 of them deeper and directly from the internet...then retaining the ones that could and would guide and help and be there for people... 

Prepare, research, get everything ready as best as possible and execute your plans, because detoxing or maintenance... that is for YOU to decide. Not the clinics or policies to mandates, not what others say or tell you or don't/ didn't say or not tell you. 
YOU decide whether you want to stay on maintenance or detox successfully and get back to life and Freedom, bitches and evil business mongers. Save yourself, then help and save others! Change the system to make it all right and correct past the ignorance and money mongers! 

Suboxone and subutex/ bupe. and methadone used correctly and responsibly short term to detox and get past the ACUTE WITHDRAWALS and get off of all drugs can and does work! Then after be honest with yourself and stay or go to/ on maintenence, stay on suboxone or methadone longer if you really need to and want to... not at ridiculous levels or anything! 8mg to 12mg TOPS using subs and bupe. I only needed about 4mg-6mg with my heavy use and tolerance the first time I quit fast and detoxed using subs... 

the methadone five months later... started at 80mg and quickly dropped by day 5 to 6 I jumped off at 5mg to 10mg (please be VERY CAREFUL AND LISTEN TO YOUR OWN BODY AS IT IS DIFFERENT FOR EVERYBODY, DON'T BE A FUCKING FOOL!). 

This is all about preparing, researching, being educated and getting past the linear mindsets or people that say it doesn't or won't work... the ones that are like clinics that only see and say their ways and that everybody is a fucking addict and everybody needs maintenence when that is NOT THE FUCKING CASE AT ALL.

I got my fucking life back! Get yours back and THEN decide maintenance or detoxed successfully after everything! Try to get state or any insurance too! Go play the secret agent games and fuck with the clinics to start helping you while you secretly prepare and muster your forces and resources for the proxy battles and wars.

I recorded and logged everything. Methadone used short term to detox and get past the acute withdrawals DOES WORK. It should be a standard but these policies and clinics... I needed some at home methadone, thankfully I had some, but yea. We need to save lives and get people the truth about the business and schemes that others aren't telling everybody! Addicts or dependents or just unknown and scared... that should be up to them and everybody else to fucking decide for themselves! 
Fuck waiting around and only having suboxone or the bernese method!
People need options and the truth!!!
