What? Are you trying to say that I am jumping to conclusions? I am not. I am using your post as my evidence to suggest that you don't know how to interact with others. 

When you interact with another human being with the intention of finding an emotional connection, you start by *learning* about this person. This is a process in which *you* talk to them to learn about *them*. It is not a simple download of facts about them. It is a process in which you talk to them, you are interested in them, and you want to learn more. By giving us this "presentation" of who you are in a few paragraphs, you seem to be making the case that these things define you and you want someone who responds well to each of these things. This is problematic for two main reasons: one, no one can be summed up in a few paragraphs. If these are the most important aspects of your personality, it's highly likely that someone you could be compatible with doesn't correspond to them and therefore doesn't even try to talk to you. Two, you have demonstrated literally zero interest in another person's interests here. You only want someone that complements *your* interests, which comes across as extremely selfish and ignorant of how social interactions work.  


The reason I say it sounds like you have never spoken to another human being before is because I don't think you understand these principles of human interaction. Successful social interaction isn't based on finding people who like all the things you like. It's actually based on you finding things you like about others. And for the vast majority of human beings, those things aren't what philosopher they're currently reading. They're things like how they respond to differences, what kinds of jokes they like, what food they like, if they enjoy new experiences, do they prefer to stay in or go out more often, are they prejudiced against certain groups, what politics do they subscribe to, etc. These are the things that make us who we are. Favorite philosophers and whether or not you want kids are certainly interesting tidbits, but anyone who thinks that makes up anything more than a sliver of their personality is inherently boring and shallow.
