Yes, the poet was, of course, playing on the common association between "dark" things visually and "dark" things emotionally or philosophically. I'm fine with the association. What strikes me as too cute by half is twisting the questioner's obvious meaning, pretending not to understand what the questioner was asking...and using the entire poem except for the final two lines on that charade. The questioner's challenge is in no way addressed by pointing out that paper has ink, or that the moon is not always full. Or that there's something called ebony. Then, at the end, pretending to just "get it," that perhaps the questioner was asking what nearly any adult knew the question was--and certainly every poet.

To be clear: The original question spoken of by the poem's title is not a remotely intelligent question: It's incredibly shallow and ignorant of both an important thread of human nature and a very prominent element of poetry--namely, the awareness of the dark and sad. It's the kind of question asked by always-cheerful people who don't appreciate melancholy. Yet much of the best poetry is melancholy in orientation or perspective...as is much wisdom and art and philosophy and psychology...and nearly every other arena that makes for profound living. So I have no sympathy for the questioner's question.

But having no sympathy for the question does not lead me to conclude that the poet should play dumb--dragging the intelligent reader through an obviously false interpretation of the question.

I would have respected the poem far more had it been honest. It could easily have responded to the question by (instead of falsely pretending to have misunderstood the question, and making the question seem even dumber than it is...pretending it was asking about dark colors) eloquently making the case for the value of the melancholy and the tragic or the absent or the fallow...or whatever else one may want to connect to the concept of dark. I simply don't see what being dishonest and cutesy added; indeed, to me it greatly detracted from the enjoyment and respect I experienced in engaging with the poem.

But, of course, if you have enjoyed the poem--as, along with many others on this subreddit, where it has garnered many hundreds of upvotes, it appears that you have--that's great. And I wouldn't want to change your enjoyment of it. My goal is not to impose my view on anyone else, but rather to share it...for whomever might find it illuminating. I do wish you well. May you continue to find much enjoyment and inspiration from poems.
