It sounds like you are describing yourself as being agender, though I am not trying to label you as that’s a wholly personal matter.

What’s frustrating reading this post and particularly your comments in it is that you seem either unwilling or unable to imagine an interpretation of gender that differs from your own, however you categorize yourself, and are projecting your own relationship with the idea of gender onto others.

Even for cis people, gender is not something that can be clearly grouped into categories, whether those categories are based on genitalia, secondary sex characteristics, or anything else.

Gender is a social construct that has not even been consistent across human history or universally constant across different societies, because what it means varies specifically and crucially based on the cultural and temporal context of the individual.

Partially by design, modern society places significant emphasis on gender as a primary indicator of the available life paths and roles in society and the expectations society places on an individual. 

For many of us, those expectations and the interpretations they carry about who we are and what we are about don’t make any sense, and we feel that the label placed on us at birth based on our genitalia is an incomplete picture of who we are, the places we want to occupy in society, or the way we want to be allowed to interact with each other in a world that is by and large designed to force us to conform to specific, incomplete categories of identity while facing reprisal for refusal to conform.

The label we have for this is trans, meaning people who know ourselves to not fit into the gender we were assigned at birth. Some of us wish to transition into a presentation and role that fits cleanly into one of the main categories of gender as this fills the role we see ourselves in. 

Others of us feel disconnected from any desire to conform to any standard of gender, which may result in a concrete nonbinary identity, or it may be a fluid identity that changes over time or even based on the specific moment or situation. Others of us feel no connection to gender whatsoever, perhaps even to the point of apathy about how our presentation and identity are interpreted through the lens of the social construct of gender.

Whatever the case, the goal for most of us who fall into the general category of nonbinary identity is to separate ourselves from the expectations and qualifiers of any particular gender, and to separate the concepts of genitalia and secondary sex characteristics and presentation from the concept of gender and identity.

You may not care about that. You’ve stated again and again that you feel gender is a concept that you feel no connection to, which is totally valid, and should be respected in whatever way would validate you.

I appreciate that you’re here in this sub looking for answers about why different people express or interpret their gender in different ways, as you have stated yourself you are in a process of questioning, which we’re here to help with and talk through.

What I don’t appreciate on the other hand is your apparent willingness to debate others’ identities with them, and to categorize people into groups that are based on misguided interpretations of feelings of people outside yourself. 

It is unkind to project your own relationship with gender onto others and demand they take your interpretation of them seriously when it’s not a matter of discussion. In that same way, it would be unkind and ignorant of anyone else to tell you how you should feel or what your expression of yourself should be like.

Please keep in mind that none of us are here to be into yet another box based on our identity that simply doesn’t have enough room to hold all the parts of who we are. Most of us are here to specifically avoid that.

I assume this post and your comments have all been made in good faith and not as attempts to play the devil’s advocate against the basis of the sub, but you are coming off as judgmental and unwilling to listen to others.

The lesson you should take from all of this is, gender is not a science, and defining it as though it is is exactly the misguided philosophy that has forced so many of us to find language and concepts to express that we do not fit into the options presented to us or the labels that have been forced on us.

For any four year olds: “gender” is part of people’s minds, and doesn’t always match with the way some people look on the outside, or the parts of their bodies that usually let us know what gender people are.
