Thanks for clarifying - I'm responding to the original post for clarity. I don't need answers to the questions I'm going to ask, they are for you to consider as you reflect on this experience.

&gt;I study a lot of topics in school ranging from food chemistry to microbial physiology- for simplification purposes I am a molecular biology student going into my senior year. Going into the internship, I was extremely nervous because it was an engineering and business geared role, areas which I have 0 experience or education in. I felt like everyone was against me there and since this was a very social role, I crashed and burned immediately.

1) This experience didn't align with your area of study or experience. Why did you sign up/apply to be included in this role? What was your motivation in trying this direction? If you didn't meet the minimum expectations for this position (background knowledge, previous experience, etc.) why were you accepted by the company in the first place?

2) Why does the social nature of the role mean you crashed and burned? Why did you feel like people were against you? Was this an internal feeling or were there specific behaviors you observed from others? (If it's an internal feeling, maybe you could work on identifying and overcoming social anxieties you weren't aware of.)

&gt;On the second day, I was in the locker room and a crew leader was leaving at the same time as me. She looked at me and said, "How do you like it here?" I said "This has been an eye-opening experience so far!" She said, 'You don't have to lie to me and tell me you like it here".

3) This speaks more to the crew leader's temperament than anything else. Was she having a bad day? Maybe she's a bit of a negative person. I would stop focusing on this interaction.

&gt;I am a woman (21F), the other 3 interns were guys. I got there on the first day before they all did because I am from the area and they were out of state. My manager had not arrived yet since she worked 2nd shift, but the manager I met refused to shake my hand. He pointed me to the room and told me to just sit down and go on my laptop. When he came back, my laptop wasn't working. He wouldn't answer me back. I asked him 3 times what was going on and he said, "Not my problem, someone else will help you later." When the other male interns arrived, he was asking them what universities they were from, telling them about our state, and asking them tons of questions. He left me out of this whole talk.

4) Did you arrive earlier than your instructions said to, or disregard any of the first-day instructions? This can cause any number of disruptions when an established team is welcoming new members.

5) Did you offer your hand for shaking first, or did the manager not offer his first and you view that as a refusal to shake hands at all?

6) As a person involved with onboarding, this entire greeting sounds wildly unprofessional. You should have been given clear instructions on what to do on your first day and who to speak to if you had issues. If your manager didn't start until 2nd shift, you shouldn't have started until 2nd shift. That being said, sometimes things do fall through the cracks and it's possible you were one of the things in this situation.

7) If your interactions with the rude manager were difficult and embarrassing for him, he may have responded to you the same way if you were a man - some people are just really socially awkward and unaware of their own behavior. To consider: did any of your own behavior make this situation worse (sitting off to the side, not introducing yourself when the other interns walked in, etc.)?

&gt;I have no experience with machinery. I've never handled a wrench in my life. One of my projects involved oil lubrification, so when I heard my project contact say something about drips of oil I asked what that was. She told me that was a dumb question.

8) Working with machinery is dangerous if not done correctly. There are no stupid questions. This person is perhaps a subject matter expert (SME, knows the job inside out) but not a qualified trainer. From this, you should learn how important it is to treat every question and questioner with respect.

&gt;When I expressed concerns about being underqualified, I was told "You're a biochemist! I could never imagine being a biochemist. If you're smart enough to figure that out, you don't need our help. You can rise to the challenge alone." Umm, I would not have gotten to where I am today without the support of many advisors, friends, and professors.

9) This person was trying to make you feel better. If they were in a position of leadership, they should have asked what areas you felt needed improving and should be able to identify those areas independently of your responses.

10) If proper training materials were not available for you, that is on the company. If they were, but required stronger background knowledge than what you had, you should have communicated that to your supervisor and asked where you could build your foundational knowledge on the topic.

&gt;I had an immense amount of stress in my personal life and medical stuff to handle. Since this was a day oriented job primarily, I had to take a ton of phone calls and inform my family of possible diagnoses. Admittingly, I did not spend as much time on the factory floor as I should have been. I found out from another intern, that the supervisors went to him and told him that I would be getting a poor performance review and they asked him if he knew why I was behaving the way I was. They shared details of my review with him and he told me I would not be getting an offer. No one came and spoke to me once. I informed them of the personal struggles and eventually they laid off me for taking time off the floor, but the damage seemed to already be done. 

11) If this is what happened, this is unacceptable behavior on behalf of you and the supervisors. 

11a) Your obligation was to immediately inform the supervisors of your personal situation (not details, just that you needed to take some time to deal with it). It might have been better to ask for the day off, rather than interrupt their workflow by being consistently, surprisingly, absent from the floor. Also, if your issue was causing untold stress for you and disruptions to your availability for the company, it may have been better for you to resign immediately, rather than expect them to just deal with it.

11b) It is absolutely never appropriate to discuss another team member's performance review. Your peer was wrong to participate in those discussions and the supervisors were wrong-er for including him in the first place and for not guiding you through an open conversation about what your behaviors meant for the team.

&gt;When I got my performance review, I was told I needed to be more emotionally expressive so that people would find me more engaging? I said, "this isn't anything personal, I am just an introverted person." When I asked for suggestions, I was given none.

12) I am glad you had a performance review in the first few weeks - sometimes interns aren't given that kind of feedback. Receiving feedback is hard - I recommend digging deeper into this topic for future review sessions.

13) Asking for suggestions on how to improve is great, but keep in mind that the expectation is that you act on those suggestions. It can be better if you offer suggestions on what you can do to improve in a way that is comfortable for you. For example, if they ask you to engage more and tell you that smiling more is what they expect, and then you don't smile more, you are not improving. However, if they ask you to engage more and you say that you'll ask more people about their work experience so far (and then do that!), you're meeting their expectations in a way that works for you.

&gt;I was placed in a room with large amounts of chili powder. At the 45 minute mark, I was hacking my lungs out with watery eyes. I ran back to the supervisors office and grabbed my headphones. They had popsicles upstairs and I was going go and eat one and listen to music. I found out another supervisor saw me crying and told everybody I hated it there after that. No one tried talking to me about what happened to see that I had chili powder in my eyes/lungs/nose.

14) This sounds like a lack of appropriate PPE. Either it wasn't available or you didn't use it. Your response should have been to inform a supervisor that you were having physical difficulties - companies generally have safety equipment like eye washes that could have helped.

15) Also, in my experience, listening to music is not an acceptable use of time during an internship.

16) Generally, these kinds of gossips are damaging to everyone in the workplace. It takes years of practice to learn how to deal with them effectively - as an intern, I think this is another opportunity to learn how not to behave in a professional setting.

&gt;On my last day, a supervisor asked me to go home early several times.

17) Were they being kind? Maybe they could see you were upset? Maybe your work product wasn't critical that day? Maybe they are a rude person. If they were your supervisor, you should have taken that as a signal to go home.

Continued below...
