If people are swinging at your car and potentially have weapons then would you yourself not plow through to save your own life so you can go back to tour family? This has happened and probably will still. If your intent as a protest is to maim or kill anyone that disagrees with you then you arent protesting you are a group of wild sociopaths looking for blood. No different than a murder just walking up and trying to kill someone. Defend yourself.

This is not the case for this specific video and when things like this happen in a situation like this usually people do go to jail. Maybe it depends on the state it happens in idk i cant follow each and every law in america. Im not a lawyer and i dont think a lawyer themselves could memorize every states laws.

The point is not to take away peoples right to state their opinion and fight for it, non physically, but have our elected officials, both sides especially whatever side is starting more protests, explain that doing anything like this in the street is stupid and ignorant of all self preservation choices one could make.

America is built on people fighting for the best outcomes through many different means. We just need to continue showing people there are correct and admirable ways to do things like protest and raise awareness. 

Do you propose we just let the government rule everything and people no longer have a say anymore? The reason we are legally allowed to have guns is to fight tyrannical government, not hunt, not self defense. 

There might be people that cheer at this kind of thing but I would say they are also themselves sociopaths that have no care in the world for anything but themselves. I believe if we stressed to all people but especially children now to have a heart of being able to listen to all people and consider their opinions instead of just throwing them out, berating the person, and making them seem like an idiot just because of the wrong doers own self consciousness and need to feel superior.

I obviously want these acts and episodes of people being hurt to end but until we change how people think and feel about dissenting opinions and control how we react to others we will always have this even if we ban protests. Even if they were banned some of them would literally require the army to stop because people will continue to do these things regardless of whatever law is placed above them unless we chanfe their minds and hearts
