HELL YES!!!! Effing facts 💯 👌

Here's a bit of a story that I'm very displeased with telling bit moreso that it happened.

I spent all of my 20s in an on/off again relationship with a woman in Louisiana that I met online. First time meeting, I flew to her, she bought but didn't buy a round trip flight, at 23,I thought nothing of it. Until I realized I didn't like her ways then I wanted to go. So I booked a Greyhound from Shreveport, LA to Sacramento, CA. Well, 23yo men don't know what the hell they want in a woman, they just know that they want to bury their PP inside of her. So I came back... and left. And came back. And left. I knew the southwest region of the US quite well. I knew of all the stops on the route. Well, my final time leaving, I had my own truck. I loaded everything up, punched in my destination on my handy GPS device and hit the road, driving 2017 miles, door-to-door. I drove non-stop from LA-AZ, only stopping for gas, cigs and Monster Nitro energy drinks.  Well in AZ, before Phoenix, I pulled off for cigarettes and gas, spending no more than 10 minutes at this Chevron. I did not stop or pause my gps.... This stupid effing device rerouted me while I was inside Chevron, I didn't realize it. (I really should've figured something want right when I wasn't being directed back onto I-20). Anyhow, I'm following my gps, not paying attention to the fact that I'm in a little ass rural town that feels like it was ripped straight out of GTA:SA, when my radar detector goes off. Laser radar. The only one you can't get out of. I get pulled over, I'm going 45 in a 25... In a damn school zone. 🙄 They were counting on dumbasses like me. People traveling, lost and unaware of the damn near hidden school zone....  I say this cause I didn't even have to attend court in person. No, I could very 'conveniently' mail in my payment of $328 slipped inside the self addressed and stamped ticket/envelope. Eff stupid AZ and their troopers or sheriff's or whatever tf they are that pulled me over.
