This idea that if everyone just wore n95 masks then things would have worked is just silly. Check out what happened when Bavaria and Berlin actually did mandate n95 masks. https://twitter.com/ianmSC/status/1407419457467678724?s=19. N95 masks did no better than the regular cloth and surgical masks used by the rest of Germany at stopping covid, and neither were successful at slowing covid transmission in the least bit. Cases spiked regardless of mask wearing, just like what happened everywhere else on the planet. Masks have utterly failed everywhere they have been mandated. 

The problem with masks isn't just that they don't physically stop viruses. For n95 masks (or really any type of mask) to be effective, they have to be used properly. They have to be properly fitted and sealed to the wearer. They need to have minimal adjusting and touching. They need to be thrown away and replaced many times during the day. And their potential effectiveness is pretty much lost as soon as they are used outside of sterile, controlled, settings like hospitals. This notion that we just needed "better" masks is laughable and ignorant of reality. Mask mandates are built on absurd assumptions about human behavior and a wildly incorrect understanding of how covid actually spreads. 

Masks only make sense in a world where humans who are actively sick always go out in public (even during the most publicized global pandemic in modern history) and routinely cough and sneeze directly in the faces of strangers. They never cover their mouths and go out of their way to be as close to other people as possible. These sick people go to the store and wipe their infected snot over anything they can get their hands on. And then those people who were coughed on, don't wash their hands or do anything to avoid being coughed on. At the same time, in this ridiculous world, every man, woman, and child could potentially be an asymptomatic carrier of sars-cov-2. So these people, who are not coughing, sneezing, or showing any signs of being sick whatsoever, still must cover their nose and mouth, because just their regular breath is so saturated with coronavirus that it's potent enough to turn any public place into a super spreader event. This is not how real humans behave or interact with others, but it's this type of behavior that masks are trying to stop. It's insane.

Your example doesn't really work. It's not like cloth masks are like porous mesh condoms, and n95 masks are like impenetrable latex condoms. Cloth masks are still like mesh condoms, but n95 masks are more like triple layered spandex condoms or some other fabric not meant to stop sperm. Mesh condoms don't work, but neither do triple layered spandex condoms. Both don't work, and the potential protection that they provide is negligible compared to nothing at all. You would be a fool to rely on either condom to prevent unwanted pregnancies or stds. And this especially true when the condoms aren't used correctly or at the right times. Masks (cloth, surgical, n95, or otherwise) were not designed to stop aerosolized, respiratory viruses. They are simply not the right tools for the job. Masks are not effective at stopping highly contagious, respiratory viruses. Never have been. Never will be. Even when high quality, properly fitted, regularly disposed of, masks are used by trained medical professionals in a clean hospital setting, their effectiveness is minimal at best. But mask mandates aren't about requiring trained medical professionals to wear masks. No one takes issue with doctors using masks. Mask mandates are about requiring every human being on earth to wear an objectively ineffective piece of cloth over their mouths whenever they are out in public regardless if they are sick or not. This is absolute insanity and I honestly can't believe there are still people trying to insist that masks make sense and work to prevent viral spread. Everywhere in the world easily shows this to be laughably false, yet people are still twisting themselves into knots to figure out how to justify their use. It is easily the most ridiculous thing I have ever experienced in my entire life.
