I also know homosexuality to be a sin. But I don't believe you're thinking about things in the right way (and you're repeating things that everyone has heard). By speaking like this, you seem very hateful and ignorant of the gay community. Scripture warns us against arguing, and also teaches us fruits of the Spirit. None of those fruits are bad - love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control. Approach all situations, especially sensitive subjects such as this one, as Jesus would and with these fruits in mind. 

Many people twist or ignore scripture to live the way they want, don't get me wrong, but think about things from another perspective. Some people *honestly* believe homosexuality is not a sin. Why is that? From my experience, a huge argument is that the word "homosexual" was somewhat mistranslated from the original Scripture. My understanding is that many scholars have studied this and determined that homosexuality in Scripture was referring to another sexually immoral act - men having sex with boys. Due to the nature of biblical times, men lying with other men was probably very uncommon and not a major issue - whereas men having sex with slaves/servants (who may have been younger) was. So I see this being something we should take into account. I understand the argument and can see why it makes people believe that way, and can make those who aren't very firm in their beliefs very skeptical of the Word. You have probably heard this argument before, but I encourage you to really listen and try to understand. 

Now, while that argument is an understandable one, I believe the stronger argument is that the act of homosexuality IS a sin. The Bible talks over and over again about man and woman and defines what the sacrament of marriage should look like. And, frankly, man and woman just makes sense naturally. Each make up for what the other lacks mentally/emotionally/physically. 

Approach any discussions about this with the fruits - love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control. Some people honestly believe homosexuality is not a sin, and some people do believe it's a sin but still practice it (and still believe in God). It is our job as Christians to be disciples of Christ and to speak about these things, but it is also our job to do so in a way that shows compassion. We should love everyone. I truly believe Christ would have sat with gay people as He would with other sinners. That doesn't mean He condones the way they live, and that doesn't mean He would talk to them constantly about their sin. Show them His love and mercy. 

Imagine living your whole life only being able to be sexually attracted to someone of the same sex. I believe people are born gay, but I believe this comes from Satan. I deal with temptations of my own, and I am beyond thankful I wasn't born with those desires. I believe it is a sin to act on it, the feelings themselves are not sin. We all have our own burdens, and just like I appreciate and need encouragement and love to overcome my sinful ways, so do those in the gay community. 

I hope you read this with an open heart and mind, OP. The world is wicked, but we must show compassion to spread His love.
