Damn, this reminds me of when I got a little bit older in my teens and I would walk away angrily from something.. and someone would say "you better not go tell your friends about all this" or something like that.. basically telling me to not go online and chat with my friends about my family problems. It was like.. I had no outlet at all. No wonder I zoned out for hours on my computer or in a video game. I remember that was all my life pretty much besides school and the fake holiday celebration stuff. I was still excited to get gifts but I always had these conflicting feelings like I was numb or that it was the one time I could feel a little more safe, knowing that people are expected to be positive on a holiday. I never felt like I was genuinely happy inside though.. It was like no matter what.. I just felt this emptiness. I always felt on guard and if it was like a big celebration that involved relatives, I would just feel uncomfortable and like an outsider..

It would be so jarring to see how they act in front of people outside of the family and then within. =/ And this is like.. me being a 11 year old kid just quietly observing everything going on and not comfortable being myself.. whatever that meant.. I guess.. just being able to express myself? It's so weird growing up and not having anyone you truly feel comfortable talking to or confiding in.. and even if it wasn't for something deep on a personal level and just wanting to ask for a small favour.. I remember being made to feel like I was an annoyance or a burden. (I notice I have gone to my sibling for help before 'cause maybe I was afraid of going to my parents at the time.. I always tried to find the person that seemed the least upset but if everyone was upset then... I just internalized it and dealt with it alone...)

Now when I look back, I could see that it would be hard for my siblings to help me with anything when they weren't helped themselves and were also neglected.. so yeah... I wasn't sure what to expect as the youngest kid. I just felt like I couldn't ask anyone for help and couldn't really talk to anyone. I spent a lot of time walking on eggshells around them and even one time when I spoke up at the dinner table and tried to lighten the mood or cause a distraction.. (they probably thought I was being dumb and unaware that there is a serious argument going on.. which was pretty much all the time though..) I got shut down and made to feel like an annoyance. I think that was kind of where it started.. me having trouble speaking up and expressing myself or forming an opinion and it affected all my interactions with people in life especially in groups. I still remember that saying "don't talk back" or "don't speak unless you're told to".. I was never even yelling or raising my voice or saying anything rude either.... As I got older, I started having angry outbursts. Holy shit.. I remember when I got so angry and frustrated at times that I was wishing they were dead. =/ I swear.. if I was ever fine around people, that was because I was just emotionally detached or numb and just kind of going through the motions.
