Yeah I just saw that. So f'in annoying. He calls himself "too old for this." Bro, if you're too old for this, you're definitely too old to write like this. 

Anyway, I still have the post open, so here it is for posterity:

"Buckle up kids, we have a developing situation. First I'll set the stage and make a long story short. I (32M) and GF (F28) were renting when we received an offer we couldn't refuse from GF's father. Drastically reduced rent in an apartment off of GF's parent's house to allow GF to return to and afford returning to college. So we moved. This was our fatal mistake.

Dramatis Personae

Me- too old for this

GF- Girlfriend

The Gathering- GF's cousin, his wife and their 3 year old and a mutual friend

Karen- the hero of this tale GF's mother and future MIL

Karen's husband- he exists but isn't in the play

Kids- the readers

I came into the situation late and unprepared and unaware of the coming storm. Having left work I grabbed a quick dinner on the way and did the weekly shopping. I came home to a small gathering and not being a complete fuddy I put the groceries away and went out to the patio. They asked if I wanted pizza to which I being an adult who had already fed himself declined.

What I missed. Having arrived to only the gathering and GF I was unaware that previously Karen had also been present. They had been enjoying the pool when Karen disappeared. (To go buy a steak for her and Husband we found out later.) Remember this kids it'll come up again later. Gathering decides to order a pizza, this us when I came in kids. Gathering having known Karen for some time decided to call and ask Karen if she would like some pizza.

No answer. They decide to order a full pie and extras, to have extra should Karen and Karen's husband want some.

We'll jump to when the pizza arrives. Gathering begins to eat and proceed with the merrymaking. Que Karen coming out to cook her steak and she notices the pizza, and proceeds to become angry that no one asked her and that she would now go hungry having no other recourse despite gathering assuring her there is a whole pie and she can have some. She returns inside and slams the door. We being rational adults (including the 3 year old) continue behaving rationally.

This of course means we are speaking ill of her and she comes out and states. "I can hear you motherfuckers." Continuing to curse and call us ungrateful, thoughtless and rude while flipping everyone off. (Including the three year old) Not yelling yet mind you, just a loud talking.

Again Karen disappears and things return to a relave calm. I being a poor sleeper excuse myself to begin winding down for the next work shit, and go our apartment to play some Persona 3 before bed.

From below I hear it the shrieking. Karen I found out later was demanding that mutual friend take her side while chasing her from the home. The remaining gathering having demanded that Karen stop cursing in front of their child.

GF then comes and fills me in briefly before stepping into the bathroom. Then it happens kids, Karen barges into the apartment, our apartment and unable to locate her daughter finds me relaxing and playing Persona 3. And kids she unloads. Some of the highlights being "The disrespect." "No one has any respect" "I do everything for everyone and get nothing" "It was wrong, GF knows it's wrong, mutual friend knows it's wrong, gathering knows it's wrong." "I'll raise the rent." I don't know I was white knuckling it while fusing some personas. Luckily GF comes running from the bathroom to get Karen away before I lose my temper and start responding. Once done, she locks the door which remains close despite Karen running into it a few times for dramatic flair.

Then kids I get to console my crying GF while Karen slams on our front door then moves through the building slammimg and reopening doors to slam again.

There have been fights before, but this was a blow out. All over not including her enough after calling to check and being ignored and then buying a full pie to include her. We're looking into alternative living situations we can afford on just my salary. (Fat chance)

It's been about 2 hours, she's still slamming doors now and then, and of course our poor dog has to pee. Wish me luck kids, if I don't respond bury with all my stuff.

That was last night kids and users over on Karen subs thought you would enjoy it, now being the morning we can avoid a second act of this play."
