Thank you! Yeah, it has been interesting coming here and seeing people from all sorts of political backgrounds interact.

My issue with such a small business based economy is that I don't know whether it's sustainable. The market tends to concentrate ownership for a number of reasons, in my understanding. It's turbulence leads to economic crisis which large businesses may be sturdy enough to survive but which will cause small businesses to fail. A competitive market will necessarily have winners and losers so some businesses will fail and some will grow but the system never resets after that happens, so established and successful businesses will necessarily have a head start on their competitors. Large businesses could also manipulate the government and use it to pass legislation that benefits them at the expense of smaller ones. New technology, new kinds of capital, that businesses require to stay competitive is often expensive which means that only people and groups who are already wealthy can afford it. There can still be upsets in the market due to disruptive innovation and alike but, for all these reasons, I don't know how long such a small business or small proprietor economy would last before falling into an arrangement not unlike what we already have now.

As for commodity production, I do get that it's existed for a while but it wasn't generalized until rather recently. It was when commodity production became the basis for the economy, rather than just a small part of it, that capitalism came to be. Under such a system, no one really sustains themselves anymore so everyone requires different inputs and outputs. Essentially, labor is social because each person has to sell the product of their labor so they can buy the product of another person's labor. Under capitalism this is indirect, though, mediated by market exchange. There seem to be three options to me: capitalism (labor is social but indirectly so), socialism (labor is directly social), or distributism (labor is individual once again). My issue is that I don't know whether this can be sustained. For reasons I already mentioned, the market tends towards monopoly and, unless we're abandoning technology, we're not gonna be able to produce everything on an individual or community basis. 

I'd be interesting in hearing some of your broader criticisms of Marx, by the way.

As for the question of planning vs markets, I think I'd make your exact argument but in favor of planning. Yes, the economy is very complex and interconnected, so why do we leave economic decisions to uncoordinated, disconnected actors, like in a market? Because there are no real structures for firms to communicate and coordinate with each other, the market is wasteful, unstable, and ignorant of the adverse effects it causes except when they eat into the bottom line. I also don't think planning requires concentrated power, it could just be coordination between free and equal producers, the kind of thing distributism seems all about!
