Sunnis are not kafir but your conclusion is wrong.

&gt;Because the way i see this ...sunnis have always been on the safe side. 

It's not "safe" to remain Sunni just because no one will call you kafir. It may be safe in this dunya but it's not safe in the afterlife.

Sunnis can't be considered kafir because you are generally unaware and ignorant of the command Allah gave us all as Muslims to follow the Ahlul Bayt. Sunnis don't follow this command, but they are not kafir because they didn't know any better. It's like if someone has been taught his whole life to pray 4 times a day instead of 5. He's wrong, but he's not kafir because he didn't know any better, he was ignorant.

But imagine that person praying 4 times a day was put in a position where he could learn that praying 5 times a day was really what Allah commanded. He'd have to start praying 5 times a day, if he stayed only praying 4 times a day that'd be a problem.

In the same way, if you are in a position where you can learn that following Ahlul Bayt is the command of Allah, you'd have to start following them. To keep ignoring them would be an issue.

I as a human cannot judge you. Maybe you are ignorant. Maybe you were never in a position to learn about Ahlul Bayt. Maybe your mental capacity is limited to the point that doing the necessary research would be impossible for a person of your capacity. Therefore as long as you say that you are Muslim I cannot say otherwise.

But when Allah is judging you on the day of judgement, He has full knowledge. If you claim "I didn't know you commanded me to follow Ahlul Bayt" he will have knowledge of whether that's a valid excuse.

Maybe Allah will say "you were ignorant and had no way to know any better" and will forgive you. Or maybe Allah will say "you should have known better, I gave you an intellect capable of finding out for yourself, and I gave you access to the internet so you could do research". And maybe Allah will punish you for not using the resources He gave you.

I don't know, I can't say since I'm not Allah. All I can say is it's not safe.
