Congratulations! 

It indeed sounds like you already are in a healthy ddlg relationship!   
As you said, I would also think that your partner is already aware of this, at least to a point. It seems strange to me that he never brought it up formally, when you are so receptive to it! 

Maybe he is also just familiar with the lifestyle, but not the labels and terms?

I was in a similar situation, where I have always wanted more than a normal relationship. But whenever I tried to incorporate part of what I was longing for, it was sometimes perceived as being clingy and overly protective. I was also very confused and ignorant of the terms "daddy" and the "ddlg lifestyle". 

I had bad experiences with multiple partners in the past that mainly involved punishments and degradation, all while they have been wanting to call me daddy. I was not into that. In my mind I had made up that this must be all there is to the "daddy thing". I had ignorantly assumed that every relationship like this would involve the things I did not like, and that it was all there was to it. It really did turn me off and away from the "daddy" moniker.

When I met my current partner I even told her that I "was so glad she wasn't into the daddy thing". Fast forward to about a year later and I am now her daddy and I have learned that there is so much more to the word, the lifestyle and the dynamic than I knew.

I like the way you describe what the word "daddy" means for you. I feel exactly the same. In our relationship and dynamic it is also not just sexual thing. It has a much deeper meaning, with me taking care of her and having her as my first priority in almost all situations. It is a sign of trust and deep understanding. It means her being vulnerable and me showing her deep, unconditional love and affection and taking care of her.

This is what I wanted. I wanted a dynamic that goes further than a normal relationship, I wanted to be daddy and didn't even know it. 

I still think back to what I felt and assumed the "daddy thing" was all about and I feel ashamed of how ignorant and uninformed I was. I am incredibly grateful and happy that my initial negative knee-jerk reaction did not make her turn away and that she taught and showed me what it really means to be in a ddlg relationship. 

It is now an integral part of my life and I would never want to miss it again.

Sorry about going on a long personal tangent about my own feelings, I just felt inspired to write this when you explained how you are feeling with your partner because it resonated well with me and how I feel.

Again congratulations on your relationship!   
Keep us updated as to what he says if you bring it up to him!
