I have a friend who behaves like your gf does. I listen to her gripes about her (previous) relationship with her ex-convict, ex-bf who's really an asshole in character. That being said, I got to understand how toxic she was herself and that she wasn't entirely faultless either, and she was totally clueless and unaware of her role in her problems.

The reality here is that no matter who is responsible for what, and who fixes what, you're the guy who's gonna get caught in the cross fire. As painful as it may sound, you may be left behind with nothing after the damage is done. Whoever moves on to heal afterward, it doesn't mean one is obligated to the other just because they stuck together during a dark time.

I say this because I have had some bad habits in the past, and it drove a wedge between me and my ex of nearly a decade. I saw firsthand how toxic negative behaviour affects a rs and how much damage your kind of thinking does to both parties. You're enabling things whether intentional, and whether you want to admit it or not.  

People mistakenly assume that just because we were there for the other in woe means there will be a happily ever after, and while that does happen, it's more likely that both people are left in the dust thereafter with nothing to show for it but a loss of years of life, and an inability to get back into the dating scene cos of how much damage and trauma they've experienced.

Your whole idea of being there for her for moral support and not wanting her to be alone is bullshit you tell yourself because you're afraid of change. You may think it is a noble stoic aspiration, but all you're doing is digging a deeper trench for yourself. 

"Some people are the journey; others are the destination." 

You've spent presumably a long time investing yourself in a mistake, and while accepting change at this stage is equivalent to flaying your skin off and walking out into the cold; if you don't do something for yourself soon this will likely not end well for everyone.
