Scanlan is in a deeply unhealthy place at the time of his exit, using drugs as a coping mechanism to deal with his sense of inferiority and self loathing, which is the root cause behind his inability to open up about himself to his friends, because he does not have a high enough opinion of his own self worth to think his friends could accept him if they knew everything about him, the exact same reason he avoided Keley for so long. 

Given that he was incapable of resolving his issues in a mature manner, leaving was the correct decision, especially to repair his relationship with his daughter (though remember that Scanlan's inital plan was to run away, give himself away to vices and drown himself in sorrow and fall into a never ending pit of despair and self loathing, and that VM's advice to be with his daughters saved Scanlan. Without VM's help I doubt Scanlan would have ever returned to VM, he probably would have died in a ditch of a drug overdose, or from a king hit in a bar fight) However, this does not mean that Scanlan or VM were without fault. It was a messy break up, born of dysfunctional people incapable of understanding how the other was feeling.

Scanlan's "why the fuck would you do that" was a very clear establishment of boundaries which VM had over stepped/ignored. That was good by Scanlan. But following that with "you don't really care about me" was a statement which escalated conflict, invalidated VM's feelings about Scanlan, and made Scanlan sound dismissive and ignorant of their care for him. But honestly, Vax's anger is the one which escalates the conflict the most, invalidating Scanlan's concerns and calling him an asshole. Vax is right to make it clear to Scanlan that his previous comment hurt him, again establishment of boundaries. But the aggressive tone ruins that and makes Scanlan ignore Vax.

Saying that VM has never done anything for Scanlan whilst listing the other things they've done is to ignore that all of those sidequests were done hunting vestiges, not to help everyone with their own issues. And it's also to ignore that Scanlan doesn't need help fixing daddy issues with his parents like the rest of VM, because he has intentionally detached himself from caring for anyone else except for VM, and therefore has no past that needs to be helped with.

"Scanlan has none" is to ignore that Scanlan sabotaged his chance at a relationship with Pike due to his own ignorance of Pike's boundaries, a fact he admits in later episodes upon his return.

VM not knowing Scanlan's mother name is not an example of VM being neglectful. As Vax points out in later episodes, it's an example of VM being respectful of Scanlan's boundaries rather than intrusive/invasive. Scanlan never felt comfortable with opening up, so they didn't pry because they had been friends for long enough that they trusted Scanlan to talk to them if he needed to.

Scanlan is self destructive, and a master liar. The two combined means he avoids confrontation by lying, and never resolves his issues with his friends, for to do so would place him in a vulnerable position and he doesn't want to go there.

Whilst VM made mistakes in that final confrontation before Scanlan leaves, those are all the results of Scanlan hiding his failing mental state from VM. VM were completely ignorant of Scanlan, not because they don't care about him, but because Scanlan doesn't care about himself. 

Scanlan is doing the best that he can, and he's failing miserably. And that's what friends and family are for. Because you cannot solve your mental state on your own, and you need a sufficient support system when your best isn't enough. Scanlan couldn't do that until he had left VM and spent time with his daughter. Realising that his daughter accepted him for who he was and didn't abandon him when she found at all his flaws gave him the self respect to be open with his friends. Scanlan needed to leave, and all of the party were better for it in the end, and it was no ones fault.
