The clamor for a KIng was unquenchable.  A King can mean a number of things.   Basically two things:   (2) a better connection to the Godly, just like an higher invertabrae have spines (ha!) and brains, and cells that are seperated by cell walls, the core of the cell seperated by a another wall, seperaable organs dedicated, each, to a few main functions, and the brain seperated, and above all, by the awesome blood brain barrier membranes,  then in the brain at the deepest spot, very well mechanically protected, the "limbic" tiny organs, which connect body and brain, and likely body, brain and soul, somehow.  

So God structures things.  Structures primordial man, the man.   The concept of human, and in all aspects of human, which in broadest brush includes all creation, this creation, for the whole of creation was structued for man to Lord.   And the structure of man includes emotional, political and social, linguistic and economic structures, all having a "holographic" nature, each to the other, were to some deep extent, strong or weak, but deep, each reflects the whole.  So every cell of a man's body knows the other cells, as we see in organ transplant rejection, for the body, each part of it, knows it's own.

Samuel warned them, all, of what a King would mean.  Becuase a King involves a risk, like the risk of a compass needle mislabeled, where a  ship's master might sail southward meaning to go northword.   So too with a King.  Shall we use the King as a circuit breaker, a buffer, between ourselves and our God?  That we may more easily do our OWN thing, our own multitude of things, including things that endanger ourselves or others?   A King is helpful in this regard, as the King then becomes like an object, one we may scorn or obey.  Now the King, evern so, if we scorn him, and follow not his order -- in this case to which I address you, the "Doctor" -- we likely will have a penalty, for the King gives advice which is presumably, like the Brain in a bodies, the best thing for a body.  

Samuel explained:  The King will tax, the King will take our most appealing children, the King will order us to war.   As a doctor may order a major and very risky surgery.    

Why do we want a King, to avoid God, or to join to the Godly purposes we are made to be King of?   

What is the purpose for which one gives such Kingship to a Doctor?   To stay willful, and ignorant, or to be closer to one's own health in knowledge and behaviour?   It is easier to pay a lot of money and then not follow the advice!    One feels that one has done the proper medical thing!  One has pressed the right buttons!   As the great Persian Doctor Rhazi "felt great pity for physicians who took care for the well being of princes, nobility, and women, because they did not obey the doctor's orders to restrict their diet or get medical treatment, thus making it most difficult being their physician."

Should the doctor be such a golden calf of a King?   Many doctors in history seek only that form of doctoring!   

A King must, if good, walk amoung the people.   But the people, must also not feel so seperate and ignorant of the doctor, once the fee is paid.   

So too a good doctor and a good patient.   We are not always able to heal ourselves, ask any cell under attack in the body.  It needs help, and indeed it might not be able to survive the attack.
