&gt;That's not the logic I am using. So it can't be circular logic, and also this is clearly your strawman of my position.

That's exactly your logic. You're saying that because suicide contravenes some kind of biological directive to remain alive, that someone who has decided that they don't think that life is worth the cost of continuing, that they are irrational. That's the naturalistic fallacy; as this logic only makes sense in the context of human life (and the instincts which help to preserve it) were devised and designed by an objective arbiter who was both perfectly rational and benevolent.

&gt;You don't have control over if you are alive or dead. You don't get to control being born into life, and you wanting to end that life despite your biological drivers that do whatever they can to keep you alive. Ya your mentally ill, and need help.

I had life imposed on me, and would like to own the choice as to whether or not I continue living it. And my biological drivers direct me to do LOTS of things that are no longer considered socially acceptable, let alone the most rational thing to do. 

&gt;You are a moron. This has nothing to do with religion.

Your argument is literally that nature is somehow the ultimate arbiter of reason. But you would not be able to substantiate that assertion without appealing to religion. Tell me how you substantiate your argument that one's biological instincts are an inerrant compass of rationality if you aren't assuming that the force which created those instincts is some absolute and inerrant arbiter of reason and benevolence (which would suggest that they would have to be a deity).

&gt;You are ignorant as fuck when it comes to mental illness. Do you know why there's so many schizophrenics on the streets in California? It's because we don't force them to take medication. Your position is so stupid, and ignorant that it'll litteraly lead to death of mentally ill groups. Because you are stupid enough to believe your ideology applies 100% to everything. Your disgusting.

Most of the people whom you're wanting to deny their bodily autonomy aren't psychotics who are floridly delusional. They're people who are just not enjoying life because they're too lonely, they work too much for too little pleasure, they are mired in poverty, or they just don't have a great deal of appetite for life. There are people who are delusional, and maybe some of those schizophrenics are wanting suicide based off of a psychotic delusion, and not because they authentically don't wish to continue living. Even in those cases, if we cannot help those people to a point where they want to live, it is torture to forcibly keep them alive and suffering. But most people who are suicidal do not fit that kind of profile. They want suicide because they're suffering, and unless you can demonstrate that somehow people dead from suicide go to hell where they will be tormented with regret for all eternity, then you cannot demonstrate that choosing to cease one's conscious experience in order to avoid future suffering is an irrational choice.
