I told people to check out primary source and form their own opinion. I absolutely did not create caricature of the other side.  But since you pulled that white oppression crap out of your ass I already know you aren't adverse to making shit up.  

One thing I find interesting about my reddit CRT discussion over the last few weeks are all the people advocating in it's favor that claim ignorance over what is actually being taught.  I find it quite telling that my suggestion that people spend a couple of hours on youtube watching professors of CRT profess is met with derision.  

It's almost as if those pushing CRT want people to remain ignorant.  Goes right along with all of the schools that have tried to hide the curriculum from parents I suppose.  Little tip if the position that you are advocating for requires the ignorance of the general population, you position is probably problematic.  

There's a elements of the pro-CRT push that I find interesting.  First there is the plee of ignorance.  For some reason those advocating for CRT just aren't quite sure what it is, but they are sure that it's not what I'm saying and they aren't to interested in taking the time to find out for themselves.  

Second is denial it is happening.  These parents going to their school boards don't know what's really going on, they've been misinformed.  What they've been told is not what CRT is about and they are bent out of shape for no good reason.  

Third what is being is what should be taught and the parent's are just racist and ignorant of their own biases and are wrong to protest.  

It's just amazing how many CRT supporters aren't well informed about CRT, but know that what so many are concerned about is not actually being taught.  Except it is being taught and the public is just too ignorant to realize that it is good.  I always love the it isn't being taught, it is being taught contradictory argument.  

I don't know, I hate to be a cynic.  But I feel like there is an agenda being here and that they've managed to find a bunch of useful idiots that can't be bothered to engage their critical thinking skills to parrot their talking points.
