I used to, so in my quest for finding good warchief/overlord material before conquering lithlad, i met quite a few good recruits, some really really great recruits, my favorites in fact, they were all powerful and could handle themselves easily, but i still protected those lovable shraks with all my might (pun not intended). So during another tuesday of warchief killing, i was leaving the soon to be mine fort to go attend to other business, i was looking for a necromancer i think? It doesn't matter, i don't remember this part very well just the end so i could be wrong, but some random captain decided to interrupt and ambush me, he was not alone which was fine, i killed him and decided to kill his grunts too, until suddenly i got hit, it was the last hit i could take before death, who hit me? It was a grunt, an ugly, smelly, fat grunt, he finished me off, he was confident and cocky like all the other lucky ones, i didn't care i would just kill him and be done with it, it's how all of us always work after all, but then, lithlad had no space for more captains, especially in the bottom, he had to make himself some space as usual. He could have chosen 5 of 7 spots, but. he. HAD. to. take. one. of. the. two. forbidden spots. I just lost a brother, that brother had not died in a mighty battle, against a mighty opponent, with me being there to see his last breath and be able to give him a proper rest, he didn't become a fearful warchief and train thousands of others and command thousands of my troops into future battles, he didn't live to work with me in the great defense against sauron's relentless forces to take down our powerful fortress, and laugh with me and his fellow warchiefs and overlords at how pointless and weak their offenses are against alot of planning ahead, and if things had gone to shit, he would give the attackers a run for their money (as long as my stupid ass didn't die lol) he died to an ugly, smelly, fat, cheating grunt. I was....... speechless........ that thing spat in my face....... spat in my army, he did not deserve what he got, and i needed to show that to all of mordor. Am I not feeling very well? Shame him and I'm fine again, am I feeling well? Shame him and I'm even better. Oh look he now has a blood brother! He suffers alongside him! Until i accidentally killed him that is but whatever accidents happen, did someone betray me? Well shame him again! Is he trying to exist? Shame him again. His mind was so blindly cocky and ignorant, that he took the longest of any uruk to break, whenever he acknowledged my sgamings he just said it would not happen again, i remember when he got a pet caragor, I would kill it every time of course, I also remember when he ambushed me when i tried to call for my own caragor, he asked me if i felt like i was above him, i burst out laughing and shamed him again, it was a good time until he became a bodyguard of a warchief somehow and i had a spy posing as bodyguard, my spy teared him apart before he could even breath, before i could just shane him again, all i could think at that time was, good fucking riddance, who the fuck said revenge won't bring you peace? I still smile when i think of the suffering i caused on a virual video game character. Hope you liked the story, sorry that it was too long
