 I think California may be a two party consent state. I'm really not sure. But yeah, it's ridiculous.

 The problem with society today (my own, personal theory) is such: Society is incapable of empathy anymore, and our values are being destroyed.

 To break this down further: We are a polarized society (globally, not just as a nation).

 It's evident that a majority is conservative and liberal. We rely on media, and social media, to form our opinions, instead of saying "you know what? I want to look into this for myself, and form my OWN opinion."

 The media on both sides has an agenda (I think Al Jazeera news is one of the least biased), which they push. Both sides only reveal one side of the coin. In my opinion, this is despicable, and disgusting. Because you're knowingly misleading people. The effect of this results in hatred of the other side, and violence, and what we see today: division. (I personally believe we are VERY naive, and ignorant of things we can't see: ie, people, extremely rich people, with lots of power driving this agenda of one-sided narrative, for their own greed, and gain. Playing both sides against each other on purpose.)

 So, what this ties into is this: We are incapable of saying "you may be right, I'm curious now. I'm going to research xyz (ie, recording laws... which really isn't that hard to just fucking google 'my states recording laws'), to find the truth myself."

 People don't want to put in the effort to study anymore: The internet will give me the answer! But the problem with the internet is this: You're going to find the answer you're looking for (basically, you will be able to find an answer that you WANT to be correct, and fits your perspective) 

 The trouble is this: there is so much info on the internet that it takes that hard work, that internal drive, that curiosity, and eagerness to find the actual truth (God forbid we didn't have the internet, and we had to get that truth by going to the library and reading!!!!). But we've become lazy because of the internet, and tech that does things for us.

 As is mentioned early: We don't like facts (rather, we don't like learning things which would REQUIRE us to do research to discover that truth.) 

 Add on top of this the fact that we are intolerant: We don't care about other's opinions, and what they have to say, I'm right, and you're wrong. Schools don't teach debate anymore: We rely on feelings, instead of facts. We don't discuss our points of view from science-backed positions. Instead, if you disagree with me, that makes you __phobic, and a __ist, nazi.

 And those that DO quote actual facts are tuned out by babies who just hold their hands over their ears, shut their eyes, and kick and scream like toddlers. 

 Basically, the future generations are screwed, and society is going down the shitter because of puppet masters pushing a hidden agenda, and they're doing this to keep us ignorant, and uneducated so we all don't wake up and start asking questions about what's really going on and take back control.

 I mean, it's so obvious. Look at the GameStop stock that they locked down so us every day, average person couldn't make money off of. But yeah, rely on your MSNBC, CNN, and Fox news talking heads to spoon-feed you what to think.
