I work at a vet and hopefully can answer your questions. Know that every vet handles things differently. 

First of all, you absolutely DO NOT have to be present. Ignore the ignorant comments that say you have to be. You don't. No one will think less of you. If you do not want to watch, ask your vet to sedate your pet first (some do this as a standard but make sure) this way your pet will be asleep and unaware of what's going on, or whether you are there or not. 

This is a deeply personal choice. Your pet will not die alone. The vet assistant or tech will be there to help the doctor. I've aided a few euths myself when owners do not wish to be present and can assure you they are loved on just as much by us as their owner. 

If you like to be present, that's fine as well! You can ask your dog to be sedated too, so he will be more relaxed when the final injection comes. This might be more beneficial to you. Sometimes veins are hard to find, dogs can get worked up, ect ect so they tend to react less to those things. Every pet is different of course, and your vet might sedate as a standard procedure. 

You will be brought directly into a room (you can call from the parking lot to be sure you can go into a room right away). Clients in the waiting room might stare, which DRIVES ME CRAZY. But the vet staff won't. The vet won't. Once your in a room, they may go over the basics. They'll ask what you want to do with your pet afterwards - either the clinic disposes (if this is not explicitly a cremation services, your pet goes in the dumpster, just an FYI), cremation with or without ashes returned, or you can decide to take your deceased pet home. Taking him home, they'll wrap him in a bag or box and carry him out to your car for you. They'll have you pull around back for that. You are free to spend as much time as you like with your pet, both before and after. When it comes to the final injection, it's a very quick death. Sometimes they will urinate or defecate on themselves afterwards (I haven't personally seen this happen but it can). Sometimes they might gasp for breath, but that's just a reflex reaction. Sometimes they'll take another breath, but again, just a reflex that can happen after death. Sometimes pets cry out (haven't seen this personally but have heard it happening). 

Yes, you will cry. And that's okay. Sometimes the staff will cry with you. Sometimes the vet will shed a tear. My vet cried with me when I euthanized my pets (before I worked there).

My first dog I elected to say goodbye in the room with him. They sedated him and I asked them to do the final injection away from me. They came back to tell me he'd passed. I do regret it, but there are many clients who aren't with their pets during those final moments. My second pet I was present for, but my parents were not. They have told me they wouldn't want to be present for any animal death. I stayed with my other dog and it was very peaceful. They sedated her and I talked to her, petted her head, ect as they injected her. They'll find a vein, either on the back leg (most often) or a front leg. Just depends on where they can find a vein. Some dogs have crappy veins and it can take a few sticks to get it right, so be prepared for that if you stay. 

I'm sorry you have to go through with this.
