The Taliban aren’t Pashtun supremacists, they Sunni Islamist , a large body of Taliban are Uzbeks and Tajiks. plenty of Tajiks and Uzbeks support the Taliban, While many Pashtuns  oppose them. 

I think you mean iranic not Iranian, about 15%-25% of Afghanistan are Turkic ( Hazara, Aimaq, Turkmen, Uzbek) while a 1-4% are Indic/nursitani ( pashyi, gujjar, askuni), so only about 70% are iranic. 

The northern alliance and the Taliban aren’t any different they both pretty much the same, both strict Islamists, Iran initially supported the northern alliance who weren’t any better, i mean girls were already forbidden to go to school by the mujahideen ( later becoming the northern alliance). 


The Taliban also banned Pashtun culture as well, such as the attan, Pashtun poetry, archery and so on. Essentially anything yet viewed as unislamic.

Additionally Zoroastrianism isn’t the religion of Afghanistan, before Islam the people of Afghanistan followed multiple religions.

The region of Herat and its surrounding areas were Zoroastrian. The urban people and elites in 

Kandahar were Zoroastrians but many of the village and valley people followed various iranic  cults and minor  religions. 

In Balkh the religion was  both Buddhism and Zoroastrianism but also other smaller religions.

In kabulistan Buddhism was the main religion, with smaller Hindu sects ( Suryism) , smaller iranic tribal religions and Turkic religions.

Zabulistan the people followed various iranic/Indic cults and religions but the two dominate ones were Buddhism and Zun/zunbil while some worshiped The fertility goddess Nanna.

In the northern regions ( nurestan, Kunar and parts of badakhshan people worshiped pre Hindu - Vedic religions the ones that the Kalash in neighbouring Pakistan follow today. 


Before Islam Buddhism was the dominate religion followed by Zoroastrianism and the rest of the population followed various other belief systems.

So saying Zoroastrianism is the faith of the ancestors of Afghanistan is just stupid and ignorant of history. Especially since a large number of Afghan are Turkic so their ancestors would have believed in tengrism and other Turkic religions. 

Even in Iran before Islam not everyone was Zoroastrian.
