&gt;Question #1 Biased
For any reason, why do you feel that that a piece of art of which no minors were harmed in the creation of and has no connections to the real world is wrong or should be banned everywhere?

For me personally, it's not about the art, but who created it and who indulges in it. Unfortunately I've stumbled across some very extreme loli porn - some where the character in question is obviously made to resemble a toddler. (Japanese preschool frocks, baby clothes, etc.) I just find it to be a red flag that someone would take something like child rape and then twist it into something "kawaii".

Also just to note, I live in Canada, and here it is actually illegal to possess loli porn. In fact, last year, a man in Windsor was arrested on child pornography charges due to this.

[Article](https://windsorstar.com/news/local-news/windsor-man-faces-child-porn-charges-due-to-cartoon-animated-images)

*However, the Criminal Code of Canada’s definition of child pornography includes “any written material, visual representation, or audio recording that advocates or counsels sexual activity with a person under the age of 18 years that would be an offence under this Act (Section 163.1 (1).”

Thus, non-photographic images can potentially be considered child pornography under Canadian law.*


&gt;Question #2 Personal
Explain why you feel that is so important to hate on something (or even just care about it) if it doesn't affect you personally or the people around you, why do you value morals above rationality and enjoy forcing said morals onto people? (from an outside onlooker like me, this is simply what I see your groups situation as, let it be known that I don't really see r/AntiLolitary's situation as any better)

As mentioned, I've stumbled upon very extreme loli porn. In one instance I saw someone comment how he would love to see his seven year old neighbour do these acts. While I personally don't believe everyone who enjoys loli content is a pedophile, it would be very naive and ignorant of us to say that NO ONE is.

Also, speaking as a survivor of CSA, it does negatively affect my PTSD seeing any depiction of a child being raped.

I hope this helps you have a better understanding of both sides! 😊
