I cannot answer your question directly because I feel the same but have no faith in anyone who prolongs prohibition of cannabis.  To call them ignorant and completely out of touch with reality is just scratching the surface.

Honestly ive always approached cannabis here as if the prohibition did not exist.  Without being obnoxious about it of course.  Ive always been respectfully honest with people regardless of what their job may be(employer/police officer/etc) and the response has almost always been equally respectful and understanding.  Its interesting how often a mutual interest is expressed!  

It hasnt happened in many years but in my younger days mostly there were easily more than 20 instances where i was found in possession and technically could have been arrested and charged.  only twice did it happen.  once in highschool(rightfully so) and the other incident involved my rights being violated and would have been dismissed had i not been young and ignorant of the laws.  Almost every single other time the officer understood and could identify with my position, "having been young before too" and would sometimes ask for me to dispose of only some of what was in my possession while knowingly letting me go on my way with the bulk of my stash.  Now I have no need to carry more than a small amount(not that it should matter) but I am also not an asshole to cops even if we dont see eye to eye with each other.  Theyre just on the clock like anyone else at work, just doing their job(usually).  Which is exactly how they deserve to be treated.  As a human..  I would assert my rights probably less than i should have but i honestly dont believe i should have to over any plant, especially that one. Im stubborn like that but why shouldnt I be?

People tend to forget how important that plant was in this country at one time.  The founding fathers used it. Taxes could be paid in it at one time.  Im pretty sure there was a period where you could be fined and thrown in jail for NOT growing it.  "Hemp for victory!"  Its history provided all the evidence about its safety and efficacy for medical uses since Ive known about it.  It almost seems as if anything negative about it was always either a lie or a result of being lied to and improperly educated of its effects.

Now if none of the above is news to you and/or you just get it, I want to share a hypothetical scenario intended as food for thought and nothing else.

What if people began another one of those viral internet "challenges" involving everyone on social media posting a video of themselves doing silly things for a cause..  except base it on self incriminating about what amounts to having a plant you like that your not supposed to have.  maybe even share a little about why you use it. If you were to make a video of yourself using marijuana in an average setting, what would it look like?  walking out back, taken a couple puffs off a pipe, then heading back inside would be pretty boring and very common.. These days mine would literally be just me swallowing a dropper of liquid a bottle as my coffee is brewing in the morning. If I didnt speak, absolutely nobody would know the illegal activities that precede all others every day.

the point being, to highlight the subtlety of it all openly and hopefully to people who might gain that perspective from seeing such videos. Some pretty boring stuff really.  

This alone could potentially gain attention, maybe enough for change but eff that.  Why not BE the change?  Say  the "challenge" includes  a statement made declaring ones self as not being guilty of any illegal act and further more making a promise to and encouraging anyone who may one day face any legal issues related to cannabis to PLEAD NOT GUILTY.

Why people plead anything else to any charge they fundamentally do not align with is beyond me but they do all the time. So did I for too long.  This is why marijuana is not legal here. If more court dates are needed with reschedules and jurors being picked causing increasing overall time spent just because a plant then that all costs.   As it stands, everyone pleads because its quick and easy and profitable for the laws to remain as is. 

In all seriousness which is more likely for someone employed in politics to do...  react to your need for an illegal medicine or the courts need for a larger budget to run less efficiently/effectively?

Im sure there are absurd directions people can take what ive said and run with it as a way to diminish the point here but to any of those people I still say that its any persons right to stand up for whatever weird behavior they believe in.  In the end though, what is accomplished with this approach all really comes down to economics.  Is it economically feasible for a court to take even a large number of marijuana cases to trial.  It is not.  They wont do it.  If you dont believe this, simply try pleading not guilty to a minor traffic violation some day and see what happens.

Damn that was way more than I intended to write. I am not proof reading that. Lol
Godspeed
