&gt;I suppose the ideas I'm discussing are not necessarily Christian, that I will concede, and that not all Christians would agree with me. 

Many christians are also scientists, so i would imagine that many of them would disagree.

&gt;I think you understand I am talking about ideas and science that support the biblical narrative. 

I figured, yes. You mentioned intelligent design and proponents of ID tend to also be proponents of flood geology and the like, but I don't know specifically which ideas you support here - so I asked.

&gt;The topic is why are Christians afraid of science, but I'm saying they are not, and that the efforts of bible-believing scientists are considered not simply out of the mainstream, but also even as a danger to society, and thus worthy of suppression by the scientific community, which has become a veritable priesthood of our modern society.

The thing that OP is talking about is almost certainly how certain groups like Answers in Genesis, Institute for Creation Research, etc... portray science.

These groups are dishonest and ignorant of science because their interpretation of scripture puts them at odds with apparent reality. 

They even have statements of faith on their website that state, in their own words, they will reject any scientific findings that conflict with their assumptions - they're essentially proud of their own blatant bias and they are essentially claiming *themselves* to be infallible in their interpretation.

I've had their articles presented to me as evidence many times and I can say that every one of them has either misread something in a scientific paper or taken a quote out if context (in a way that you would have to either do so intentionally or otherwise be horrible at reading comprehension), or even blatantly lied about what a scientist or scientific paper said.

In the end, these ideas are not 'covered up' by scientists, they're given the same treatment as flat-earth or ancient aliens - they aren't supported by the evidence and so nobody takes them seriously.

Just like those other groups, AiG and ICR will claim they're being censored, that there is a conspiracy in science to silence their ideas but in reality, they can't defend their ideas scientifically so they [pound the table](https://quotefancy.com/media/wallpaper/3840x2160/324637-Carl-Sandburg-Quote-If-the-facts-are-against-you-argue-the-law-If.jpg) and lie to their followers.

Christians are very active in science though, most scientists in the US are christian and their ideas are considered just as well as their other colleagues. Many major scientific concepts were discovered or proposed by christians as well. 

&gt; Fundamentalist Christians are not alone in this area. Some years back, a film was made to illustrate how science suppresses such views. It got little air time in theaters or otherwise. Why?

Do you know which film this was?
