&gt;I said "de facto", not "de jure." Either you don't understand what de facto means, or you are intentionally misrepresenting my argument to make it appear invalid.

So, if you're not familiar those are legal terms, saying something is "de facto" means that the law recognizes it as the situation that actually exists even if it's not codified. So no, the west bank is not "de facto" part of Israel because that would require some court of law anywhere to treat them as such. The fact is that de facto annexation is not a thing that exists, anywhere, it's not a thing.

&gt;Non political violent crime is not always related to the stability of a country. You wouldn't call the united states an unstable place for having a high violent crime rate. 

Ummm... I'd say it indicates the level of personal security a normal citizen has. 

&gt; Political violence on the other hand, is directly related to the stability of a country, as political violence specifically seeks to destabilize a country and force it to react politically, economically, and socially to the violence. While you are right that one shouldn't be fearful of going to Israel and dying in a terrorist attack, that isn't what I am claiming. What I am saying is that the fact that Israel suffers regular terrorist attacks from a territory which it occupies which directly borders it, is an important factor in considering the stability of Israel.

You'd be correct if there was any chance the Palestinians could collapse Israel.

&gt;Israelis die in more than just those widespread uprisings, and they die in numbers that far surpass the fatalities of the United States. I already established that. I can give you the numbers year by year, if that's actually necessary.

Yeah... again, you're trying to view deaths from terror attacks as something that's uniquely significant when looking at a countries safety/stability. Hell, the amount of murders in the Israeli Arab community alone eclipses the amount of people killed from terror attacks most years.

&gt;I would argue that many would use the term "stable" to refer to a country that does not suffer from regular internal conflict, terrorism, and political violence. Internal conflict and political violence are direct factors in the likelihood that a government will be destabilized or overthrown, and so when people say that a country is stable or unstable, they are generally looking directly at the political violence and terrorism in that country. This is why the primary data that statisticians usually use when looking at political stability or instability is violence and terrorism.

&gt;And it is why Israel ranks 155 out of 194 on the political stability index.

Which shows how serious these rankings are. Israel, despite these low rankings has survived for 72 years with the same system of government and without any major collapses. above it in rankings you can find a host of countries like Brazil and Argentina which had military coups which then collapsed back to democracy in that same time period. You can also find Jordan which is a country which is literally dependent on Israel for water and couldn't sustain its internal consumption if Israel collapsed. 

&gt;Secondly, even if we take your definition to be true, which I do not: I would argue that regular violent conflict with occupied territory on a country's immediate borders is an obvious risk that a country might not prosper or sustain itself into the future, or that at the very least there may be some significant unwanted political change on the horizon that would significantly alter its current situation.

Would you have the same analysis of Britain during the troubles?

&gt; Your assumption that Israel will continue to prosper in the future strikes me as both overly confident and ignorant of the history of political violence and insurrections.

I have no idea why you think that Israel would not given its own history and the fact that it is now more powerful than it ever has been.

Edit: 

I looked a bit more into the list and Mexico and Haiti rank higher than Israel. That's an utter joke.
