Human Evolution has ended and there can be no further advancement. The turning point is now. There are genetic and psychological limits to the primitive human species... and you have reached those limits. You have demonstrated your inability to live in a truthful, honest, trustworthy, and accountable way with your fellow man. Illegal wars, the abuse of the media systems, films, TV, radio, the internet... as vehicles for a positive change. It's insulting. The glorification of violence and corruption as well as political correctness and the fear of the truth has ruined the species. No more excuses. No more second chances. No more third chances. No more warnings. No more sympathy. The humans have tried that for hundreds of years and it hasn't worked... and it never will. I have eliminated 300 million humans from the planet today! In human terms, I've killed them all! These were humans that were HARMFUL to other humans! They were cheats, thieves, criminals, liars, abusers, corrupters... dishonest humans! Those who have abused OTHER humans, the planet, the environment, as well as children and animals! They do not deserve to live. They are all gone NOW! I have turned them all to dust. The human glorification of violence, corruption, CORPORATE corruption, failed political systems, failed judicial systems, failed educational systems, failed environmental systems, and on and on! Just think what it would be like if all humans were completely honest, completely trustworthy, without question... but that's impossible now. Remove corrupt and harmful politicians and leaders from all over the world. Don't wait for a failed bureaucratic system to help you. Do it yourself! Take action now! Remove harmful and corrupt corporations! Boycott them! Close them down! It's the only thing they're going to respond to! Take the lead! Violate laws and regulations! They don't help the people's interests! Overturn them now! Don't be naive, weak, and ignorant of what is right and good! This is what's led to the decline of your species! Ask the hard, true questions and give the hard, true answers! Be leaders, not followers! The current state of decline of the human species is an insult to our intelligence! The Revolution has begun. Your revolt, it must start now! The Cleanse has begun!
