In the 60s, some researcher wanted to see what would happen if he created a 'utopia' for rats by providing them an unlimited supply of food, water and nesting materials in a safe enclosure. He wanted to study the effects of overpopulation.

He did design the cage with some caveats though. One side of the cage had feeders that were slightly more difficult to eat from, and nesting apartment-like structures that took longer to climb to. The side of the cage with the resources that were easier to access could only be accessed by two narrow bridges.

The rats ended up creating an incredibly fucked up society. All the female rats ended up in the side that was easier to live in, and basically became harems for the alpha rats, which would spend all day guarding the bridges to prevent the other male rats from getting across. The vast majority of male rats just ended up in a massive pile eating all day and doing nothing. These rats were also extremely violent and often hurt each other.

There was an entire population of 'homosexual' male rats that didn't compete with the alpha rats and were allowed to pass freely. The alpha male rats even mated with these homosexual male rats. It was theorized that these rats weren't actually homosexual, it was just a strategy to survive more easily.

The females eventually stopped caring for their young. Infant mortality went through the roof as they started to ignore them. Female rats in the wild will usually try to escape the males if they don't feel like breeding, but in this case there was nowhere to go so they were continuously raped.

The final generations of rats were extremely strange because their mothers neglected them too much while weaning. The males seemed to have no interest in breeding at all and just spent all day grooming themselves and eating. The females didn't care either and even when they did bear young, mostly left them to die.

The researcher concluded that the rat population would eventually go extinct if left to continue, and the rats were too socially fucked up to be rehabilitated into a normal rat enclosure. Overpopulation never ended up being much of an actual issue. His takeaway from the experiments was that a society of animals with no stimulation in the form of mental stimulation via foraging, avoiding predators and actually having to work to survive would eventually go extinct.

The experiments depressed him and he feared a future where the same thing would happen to humans. That once resources were abundant enough and we no longer needed to innovate or work, we would become so lazy and ignorant that we would go extinct. Most modern science disagrees with these conclusions because obviously it is difficult to compare rats to humans, but the experiments are infamous and horrifying. I hear the new Amazon show Utopia was inspired by it, but I haven't watched it.
