If they ask for an email, after you JUST EMAILED THEM, it's a scam. It's not identity theft. They use a robot to collect thousands of responses and then compile them, and sell them to spam companies. They pay decent money for a list of *currently active and responsive* email addresses. It's a plus they know you're looking for housing too.

If the pics are irregularly cropped (different sizes and aspect ratios) it means they cropped out a realty watermark. Probably old and not even on the market.

NO ONE is old and unaware of the market. Post an ad for below market value and you're gonna get 50 responses in the first hour. I see a lot of ads go up for a tad under market, contact them, they get in touch and hours later have already edited the ad so it's way more expensive. People know what competitive looks like. Lol but glad you're holding out hope you can pay super low rent due to other's ignorance :/   /s

If they write their email in the ad, it's a scam.

If they put their phone number in the ad, it's probably legit. If it's a local area code, even better. I'm sure they'll exploit this eventually, but right now it's the best way to know.

If the place says dogs OK cats OK but the body of the ad doesn't, probably a scam. They set those to pets ok by default when posting them. They copy and paste descriptions from legit ads, so those usually won't mention pets. One time I saw an ad and the dude who posted it literally forgot to delete the email he must have been forwarded as the end of the scam ad said "Make sure to mark it as pets ok, dogs ok, private bath, and price $500." Even though the body of the text literally said "no dogs, small cat with deposit". I should've gotten a screenshot lol.

Also look for local details. "Short walk to brewery" is vague and could be scam. "5 minutes to UC Davis, near the amtrak station in old downtown, I'm a worker at Intel in Sac" are good hints. However, scammers copy real ads and repost them later so sometimes they seem very legit. It's hard to tell sometimes. The majority of people I've met in person have turned out completely legit. Usually if you get to that point, it's just a matter of seeing if you're a good fit.
