O some of u actually have an idea of dragon draw do u? I have none. The tutorial took me to the market to buy something in Buildings that wasn't even there - every choice was shaded out and there were no new choices - and then just left me there. I had a bit of a time getting out and still had no control over my game cuz the tutorial wanted me to finish but had unfortunately not given me any way to finish. I wrote to support w the problem and they wrote back a few hours later saying that they had taken care of MY problem and I could go ahead and play again. Not a word of explanation or apology and frankly I felt them calling it MY problem was disrespectful and completely off the mark. Obviously the problem was Decca's, some kind of glitch in THEIR programming which meant THEY hadn't devoted the time to program then check out that programming for bugs before they released it. The whole thing seems kind of slap dash to me and then to say it was MY problem and not even apologize for tying up the game for so many of us just seemed lacking in respect for their players. So does doing such a half baked job in the first place.
I'm grateful that Decca took over Dragonvale when Back Flip closed but I think they should show some respect for us the players. It seems like they r so pushy in their business model. They push "special events" down our throats even though there r persistent complaints about the neverending "special events." How "special" can an event be if it goes on and on and is replaced by a new "special event" the minute the old one ends. Something is special bc it is uncommon. Since Decca took over Dragonvale it's much more common to be in an event than to have time off from one just to rearrange, redecorate, whatever -  just to ENJOY your park w/o pushing for points every day. Now they're so anxious to push a new way of doing things onto us to increase their own rewards that they can't even take the time to do a good job on it,  program it well then check it, try it and screen it for glitches so it runs smoothly for us. No they have to push it out there, another pushy thing that they push too hard and too fast on us for their benefit. Then when it doesn't work bc they pushed it out so hurriedly they tell me they've fixed MY problem. I guess I'm supposed to be grateful and ignorant of the fact that THEY caused MY problem. They don't explain and they don't even apologize. I really love playing DragonVale so when I first started writing this I thought it was just going to be a little complaint about not knowing what was going on but as I wrote I realized that I have been bothered about how little respect I feel they show us and our complaints. After today I feel like not only do the not listen to us but they don't feel like they need to expend the time and effort to make things work for us bc they can just say they solved OUR problem w/o taking any responsibility for THEIR part in causing it. They evidently don't have to give us a simple explanation of what happened and they certainly don't seem to feel they need indulge in that simplest of all remedies when u cause someone a problem--an apology.
