CW if it isn't obvious by the topic of this thread: discussion of rape.

Firstly, for the sake of pedantry, in most U.S. states (where I'm presuming they're from, but maybe I'm wrong) it is illegal to have sex with someone under the age of consent, which usually is between 16 and 18 years old. In some states, a 17 year old who has sex with a 15 year old is guilty of statutory rape and could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison, even if both parties claim to have consented. In some, a more specific age difference is defined, such as a difference of at least 5 years.

The person's language is vague, but if they claim they were a minor (so, depending on state, either up to 15 years old or up to 17 years old) and claim to have had sex with an adult (usually perceived as being over 18 at youngest or over 21), then it is not outside reasonability to suppose that the person is implying they had sex with someone that was likely at least 3 years or older than them when the victim was under the age of consent.

It does not matter if the person brags about it, if they considered themselves to be consenting, or otherwise; legally, they are defined to have been raped.

Further, speaking in terms of social development and social structures, adults are usually going to be stronger, have more finances, have more institutional power, and otherwise have more leverage against a victim to such a degree that informed and authentic sexual consent is impossible. Generally, we as a society have deemed it to be the case that, for instance, anyone of 16 years old or younger can't have informed consent to have sex with an adult over the age of 21. In some states, minors cannot consent to sex with anyone more than a year older. In some states, minors cannot consent to anyone above the age of consent but can within a range below it. But, generally speaking, there is a very clear trend in terms of both legislation and social norms.

Further, rape victims, regardless of gender or situation, can be manipulated into not considering themselves initially to have been raped. As someone whose family works in social work, and who myself has helped multiple friends get out of abusive relationships were they were raped and only came to identify it later *because* their friends helped them realize it by telling them, it is, putting it very generously for you, incredibly flawed and misled to claim that if the victim doesn't "identify as a rape victim" that they weren't raped. Rape victims are subjected to manipulation and abuse such that, often times, they can't initially verbalize or identify that they were raped. Be better than that. There is no excuse for rape of any kind. Doesn't matter if they claim to have enjoyed it, doesn't matter if they don't "identify as a rape victim", doesn't matter if they were unconscious and unaware that it happened; there was no informed consent, and in the case of the screenshot above, there was no possibility for informed consent due to the difference in age and consequently power and development.

The victim deserves to understand that they were raped, not goaded on and gaslit by an internet mob of pedophile defenders like Vaush.
