I went through like a month where I was fascinated by them and lurking in their subreddits, and found they basically all had the same 2 traits:

- they were substantially uglier than the average person

- they showed autistic traits

Most of what they talked about, contrary to the stuff I see here, was how everyone kept lying about how much attractiveness mattered. They thought they’d cracked some secret hidden code, and their particular rage was against people who kept giving them the same advice (get a haircut, have a shower) and just telling them those were the secrets to being attractive, not being blessed with good genetics.

Now literally every non-autistic person knows looks matter, a lot, we just don’t like talking about it. Some people go so far as to lie to themselves, but everyone knows deep down that there are clearly objectively attractive people and objectively unattractive people. I’m sure everyone has noticed that it is far, far rarer to see a very attractive person with a very unattractive person than to see people roughly as attractive as each other.

Incels however seem to have been autistic people who took very literally all the media about how being a nice person is what matters and no one really cares about looks. Combine this with being ugly and socially unaware, and they’re basically destined to be romantically unsuccessful.

They usually all described years of being confused by a world that kept telling them there was no such thing as being attractive, they were unsuccessful because they weren’t confident, or didn’t know how to dress well, or were awkward or something. No one was willing to come out and say “look bud, you’re a 2, learning pick up lines isn’t going to get you a date with a 9”.

It was then usually after these years of humiliation they discovered society had been “lying” to them, and then they usually decide that if society had been lying that being attractive matters, it must be the ONLY thing that matters (black and white systematising is a common autistic trait). This is why their ideology ends up usually extremely insane and toxic, and why they fall down weird rabbit holes of pseudo evolutionary psychology and come up with insane worlds where women are all hypergamous automatons seeking out Chad, and where most of their rage and hatred comes from.

Not defending in any way the conclusions they come to, I just found it interesting finding out why they end up the way they do.
