Nope, not projecting, nor are you reflecting IMHO.  


Nice Pablum to start your second paragraph. Your troops are ready for combat when you can lead them in combat by them wanting to be lead by YOU in combat. Once that occurs, hitting all the exercise and readiness checkboxes will just occur. Develop potential, that is rich given your statements. maybe to you potential is only for promotion or being slotted in succession planning. Quite a few think that way, far fewer of them are leaders in any manner that doesn't involve the stick of rank and NDA. NEWFLASH, the CAF is an UNDERSTRENGTH volunteer force, if you think that means less room for the lazy or incompetent, you are delusional and ignorant of the history of the profession of arms and leadership. Your next about how your in your unit you characterize them is pretty telling, so I will just let your own words tell the tale. To the correlation you made between improving their circumstances and deserving of being leaders. You mean promoted? Officers that so strongly connect rank with leadership, have too much of the first and no real understanding of the second. Your defensive posture of being worried about getting grieved for writing what you think you should is interesting. Cowardly, bureaucratic and really, by the time a troop reads their PER, if there are any surprises, especially bad ones, then you have failed as a leader. So awesome to hear you keep up on the paperwork and make sure quarterly PDR's are accomplished, while showing some righteous anger that "it's a rarity". Who are you making sure they get done for? Those you like and YOU to say "BUT, I do the PDR's!!, LOOK AT ME!". If you haven't figured out that leadership isn't paperwork competency, you missed your calling as an accountant. I am not saying that doing them is bad by the way, it's OK, but it ain't leadership. Leadership happens in interactions that aren't forma more than it does in formal process/procedure systems.  


Your last paragraph, I really like the first two sentences. That is the first glimpse of real leadership I saw in your posts... until the "won't cry over" part. if you aren't losing sleep over the people below you that are a challenge, learning about them to motivate them, then...  


You likely wouldn't be doing 3 jobs if how leadership is mostly approached in the CAF(similar attitudes to yours) wasn't making the all volunteer force be 'all quitting" where anyone with a brain, of any rank, that knows they can make it and succeed outside, pulls the pin to quit NOT the CAF but the toxic not-leadership they have to call sir or ma'am.  


But, you'll do just fine, I am sure
