Firstly, let's clear up some misconceptions. The data doesn't show that Delta is any more serious to kids compared to the Wuhan strain. In fact, the UK has not reported a single death among adolescents under the age of 20 since May 1st, even in spite of them letting Delta run rampant within their population for the past 3 months. Furthermore, they aren't vaccinating 12-18 year olds yet, so the vast majority of their adolescents are unvaccinated to this day. We see this trend in Singapore too, where only a small minority (49 out 1142 in the past 14 days) of our infections are among those under 18, and every one is mild or asymptomatic.

Also, an increase in unlinked cases does mean that ring-fencing becomes less effective, but do we really need such measures within a highly vaccinated population? The reason unlinked cases have risen is because our population is so highly vaccinated today. It's well documented that a breakthrough infection would almost certainly be asymptomatic, and therefore the carriers would be completely unaffected and unaware of the virus. As a result, several generations of silent transmission between vaccinated people can occur before a symptomatic case is tested. By the time contact tracers try to find the links, those in the chain could have recovered fully and never be uncovered. Our vaccination programme is still accelerating, and as more needles get put into arms, we can only expect the proportion of asymptomatic transmissions to rise. Trying to lock down these untraceable infections will be a futile and meaningless effort especially since these cases wouldn't even need medical attention, let alone a hospital or ICU bed.

We will see an increase in infections as we reopen. We will see an increase in unlinked cases as we get more vaccinated and our cases become mostly asymptomatic. We will not return to the unsustainable stage of single digit daily case counts as the virus becomes endemic within our community. However, this virus has been tamed by widespread vaccination, and it doesn't pose a threat to our medical system and society as a whole. The longer our government and our community takes to accept this reality, the more we are handicapping ourselves in the post-pandemic recovery.
