One of my supervisors tells me I should be able to come in just 8 hours after my last shift at night, because she “works a total of 70 hours a week between her 2 jobs”. 

Fortunately, they now have to give a minimum of 10 hours in between shifts (still not enough for minimum) and that supervisor isn’t in charge of actual scheduling anyway.

Screw CLOPENING, should be illegal.

These jobs do nothing to help you progress in life anyway. 40 hours for $400 a week, TOPS. Such a ridiculous fight to get our $2 hazard pay back.

One of the managers made a “joke” to another employee asking about pay, saying “Let me guess, $10 an hour isn’t enough for you, you want $20, right?”

Other stores are voluntarily raising their own minimum wage to $15+ an hour, which does make them harder to get into because of “competition”. 

Supposedly US federal minimum wage would be $23 or $24 an hour if it had kept up with inflation.

Still too high, because that’s SOCIALISM????? Fine, but you must still agree that $7.25 SINCE 2009 (12 years!) is super toxicly stagnant, right?

The ENTIRE POINT of working is to BE ABLE TO AFFORD TO LIVE!!!!!!

Dumbasses saying “You’ll become more conservative as you get older, you’ll get out of your “socialism” mindset.”

First of all, you right-wing red-fear mongerers, don’t even know WTF “socialism” actually means. SECOND, learning just how unfair society really is has done nothing but push me further left.

And most of our Democrats who make it into presidency are still too conservative, they’re still too capitalist. Right-wing Democrats.

Real progressives don’t get a chance (Andrew Yang and Bernie Sanders). 

We just get these outdated boomers who are completely ignorant and unaware that everything has CHANGED.

They’re allowing corporations to get away with it, because those corporate bastards KNOW that these boomers are too STUPID to realize that things have gotten worse, and so they continue to allow the corporations to be the ones really running the country.

I see some jobs on Indeed still ADVERTISING $7.25 an hour!!!!! IN THE PANDEMIC!!!! WHILE MANY PLACES ARE VOLUNTARILY RAISING PAY!!!!! The single digit minimum wage needs to die!!!!!

And these dumbass boomers cry (seen it in person in my store) “NOBODY WANTS TO WORK ANYMORE!!!!!” because they’re COMPLETELY missing the point WHY people are refusing to work.

COVID unemployment paid more than a lot of fulltime jobs. Pissed me the fuck off. Not that unemployment paid $600+ a week, but that minimum wage won’t raise up to or past that level.

$600 divided by 40 is $15 by the way, coincidence??? Seems like a trial for the $15 minimum wage to me.

These dumbass greedy fucks try to guilt us into wanting higher pay, because they want us to feel “guilty” and “ashamed” for wanting to be paid a living wage.

We’re just serving rich elitists who make more money than anyone will EVER NEED IN MULTIPLE LIFETIMES!!!!

And FFS, we can’t even get health insurance without working, and that can even be a fight to get, all these BS number of hour requirements, and then all that “meet your deductible BS”, and “hospitals can give the absolute minimum of care, if not outright turn you away”, and if they treat you at all, you’re still getting a 5, 6, possibly even 7 FIGURE BILL AFTERWARDS!!!!!

Just remember, even the rights we have today, only exist because of violence. We won’t get fair equality by peaceful protesting. It’s fucked up, but it’s true.

And when people have NOTHING TO LOSE, they aren’t going to give a FUCK about “listening to authority”, or if they’re even pointing a gun at us and threatening to shoot us, sometimes that’s what people WANT.

But you know, instead of dying, if this society can’t het better, I would like to just live to watch it completely collapse. People outright refusing to work for poverty wages anymore, cutting off the 1%’s labor supply, society will COMPLETELY COLLAPSE!!!!! GOOD, I WANT TO SEE IT HAPPEN!!!!
