I think there’s a way to fight for that world that’s more honest than just pretending it’s here though. Or worse, acting entitled to have other people act like it’s here.

I guess it’s really nuanced, which gets lost in a Reddit discussion. There’s a difference between simply showing skin and wearing clothes that to a majority of the population are highly sexual. There’s a difference between expecting not to be harassed (which every woman has the right not to be, regardless of what she’s wearing) and expecting not to be noticed and seen a certain way.

I’m not saying crop tops and dildos are equivalent; I’m just pointing out that you can’t desexualize something just by saying it’s not sexual. I’m sure some crop tops in some stylings actually don’t look sexual. I’m only talking about what’s obviously a sexualized look even if you don’t want it to be one.

I’m not saying what’s next either. I’m not worried about some kind of degeneracy. As I said, I was in the kink scene, I love women expressing their sexuality! I’m not telling anyone not to do that. It’s just disingenuous if you know something is a sexual look and then you get mad when people see you that way.

I guess our difference is that I fundamentally see self-expression as a relational thing. Everyone is entitled to be free from harassment, but no one is entitled to be free from the perceptions of other people and the context of society. We don’t live in a void. When you choose what to wear to the grocery store and much more so what to wear in an Instagram video, you may be choosing what you like but you are also choosing how you want others to perceive you. And you don’t get to define the world’s perceptions.

How do we change those? I don’t know. I genuinely don’t believe it’s just by acting out old male fantasies but claiming we’re doing it for ourselves now, so that we can both get attention and be outraged by it. That seems far too convenient, a way to pretend things are changing when everything is really the same…

I would like nothing more than the pressures every woman my age faced to be gone: to be thin, to be pretty, to be cute and sexy at the same time, to be innocent and unaware of ones sexuality, to create an image of sexual-but-not. But when I see young women, barely women, acting this out, it doesn’t make me feel like we’re moving towards a world of female empowerment. It just makes me sad.
