&gt;Bosses have hitboxes that disappear midfight

What do you mean? Did you mean to say "hurtboxes"?

&gt;have UNREACTABLE GRABS THAT DEAL MORE THAN HALF YOUR HP

"Unreactable" grabs are only triggered when at very close proximity, meaning the player is at fault for purposely misplacing themselves. 

&gt;This game is actually pathetic when it comes to encounters.

 Ninja Gaiden -both Black and Sigma- is one of the very few actions games with such a high quality of enemy encounters that the community still religiously replays the campaign and its mission modes.

There are no "rose-tinted glasses" when, unlike almost ever other action game you could even think of, the player base thoroughly enjoys the same combat scenarios. NG's challenge runners and Karma runners remain active a decade and a half after the game's release.

&gt;It regurgigates so many bad mechanics and unfair things at you to make itself hard that its ridiculous.

You contradict yourself: is the combat system "good" or are the mechanics "so bad"? Your definition of unfair is quite shaky; of all action games, NG -Sigma or Black- cannot possibly be accused of unfairness. What are you comparing this game to? Which other action game on the highest difficulty is "less unfair" that Ninja Gaiden?

I would have expected you to mention the revised aiming controls for the bow, which are objectively atrocious in this release of the game and a considerable downgrade from the PS3 version; have you really finished MN and not pointed out that the Radio Tower is a barely functional combat scenario? Strange. 

&gt;make the game hard just for the sake of claiming to be hard

This statement reeks of someone who does not understand that Ninja Gaiden Sigma is a re-release of a 2004 game. Back in 2004, developers could not expect players to be able to control the camera while playing at the same time. How is it possible that so many people forget this? Did you not play videogames back then?

Camera angles during bosses were not design for difficulty, but to maintain action under control. This is the fundamental logic behind locked-camera scenarios: if the player cannot affect the angle, the developer will always know what the players is actually seeing, allowing for interesting design without relying on the player using claw grip. Again: this game was released when most players could not even control both sticks at the same time while pressing face buttons. 

Indeed, the camera can be an enemy by itself during boss encounters, but this was intended to harm players, but to help the overwhelming majority of the population would could barely use the right joystick. 

&gt;Getting Master Ninja Rank is just spamming UT's and hoping to god you manage to close the encounter fast enough.

Quite reductionist and ignorant of the disinterest of the community regarding "Master Ninja" ranks. Scoring -known as "Karma running"- is far more complex than "spamming UTs and hoping to God you manage to close the encounters fast enough". Which other ranking system are you comparing NG's to? I can guarantee you those systems have massive holes and, as such, their communities do not hold any value over in-game rewards.

The line "(...) hoping to god you manage to close the encounter fast enough" is specially ignorant. Sadly, Sigma does present a handful of, to this day, impossible time limits, but it is, for many, the preferred version of the game for scoring precisely because of the shorter time limits which result in less farming. Do you understand the concept of farming when scoring as an overall problem of the play-style? Do you understand the implications of time limits for Ninja Gaiden and for scoring in general? Do you know what score drop-off is and how lacking it affects point-chasing? It's easy, from a new player's perspective, to believe "Master Ninja" ranks are the endgame, but that could not be further from the truth. A simple "Master Ninja" rank score is not even close to being a competitive score.

I believe you see "Master Ninja" ranks and "SS" ranks in DMC3 and that could not be further from the truth. 

&gt;artificial difficulty bullshit

I was expecting to read this, you did not disappoint. I could understand such a statement in reference to the original NGII -which you will not play-, however, when used when discussing NGS I cannot but chuckle. 

How could anyone who finished Sigma on Master Ninja believe "it has a ridiculous amount of artificial difficulty"? Please, do inform us of what other action games you have played and how you are comparing them to NGS to reach to such a conclussion.
