Okay. I see where those low iq ch0des come from, and I'd like to stand my point. I am a 17 year old Hindu, "upper caste" (I hate the term), General student. My friends from middle school came from all sorts of background, which I was unaware and ignorant of, since every single one of them shared the same privileges as me, growing up. I only noticed the religion difference since my Christian friends would get gifts on the 25th and I used to be invited to the evening feast for Eid in my Muslim friends' homes, while all of us would gather at my home on Diwali. The very first time I came across something called caste, was the board registrations in I guess 5th grade, when my teacher (of whose I was a favorite) told me it'll be 10 times harder for me to succeed than my other Reserved category friends. Trust me when I say, I felt in my 11 year old innocence, my community was the one being discriminated, because I'd never seen the heinous and terrible derogatory treatment the other category had to face. 

I'm NOT saying casteism is not real, or vanished from our society. I remember my Father's friend who is from the reserved category speak of how ill he was treated as a child. His son, who studies in my class, just like me has only heard of those struggles his dad faced. He never faced anything on face. We belong to the same economic strata. He, a "lower caste" (fuckin hate this term) knows of casteism only from books, just like me, an "upper caste" (ugh).

Fat forward to right now. I studied my ass off to clear an entrance exam. The passing marks for me is 84/100, while he gets a PI invite for bringing 24/100. He is the best boy I know, I love being his friend. But when he got into our common dream college watching 20 movies this year, and I, restraining myself from watching any and studying all year and still getting deferred, how am I expected to not feel like he is not deserving to have the chance and I am? 

Same goes for Female quota reservation too. I'm not saying we should not have reservation policy, but to what extent? All I did in the above was tell you *very honestly* why some people discriminate due to reservations on the first place.
