Honestly? Getting a 70+ is definitely achievable but probably not in the way you think.

My section 2 score went from 62, to 73, to an 80 over the couple times I sat the GAMSAT, and I can definitely say the quality of my writing didn’t get better between the sittings (in terms of vocabulary, word count, structure, flow etc). I’ve always been more of a maths/science problem based thinker and not great at writing essays in general, I always thought that when I compared my essays to others I used a lot more simpler writing and definitely wouldn’t call it professional sounding in any sense.

What I DID change however was the style of arguments and the kind of thinking I was presenting in my section 2 writing. When I got the 73 and the 80, those were the times I reeaallly thought outside the box, and wrote essays I thought the markers wouldn’t be expecting, and basically took the pathway that most students in the GAMSAT wouldn’t have thought of. The Gamsat markers are definitely looking for fresh ideas and uncommon opinions that set you apart from the thousands of other essays the majority of students write, and that’s who they give those high marks to.

My best marks were from years where I not only had a solid background knowledge of the topic, but was able to present a completely different perspective from the mainstream. It helps if you’re passionate about certain topics, and often you can twist the essay towards something you’re familiar with and can write a solid argument on. 

So, how can you put this into practice? Do as much reading as you can, and make sure you’re up to date with a huge variety of topics, current events, political opinions etc etc.
I don’t mean just reading a lot of academic books, you need to be gathering info from all sorts of sources like news articles, Ted talks, Facebook and Instagram posts (yes I’m serious), documentaries. I would make sure to read from both very conservative/right wing media outlets as well as left wing/liberal media and news to obtain both perspectives on a bunch of topics (economics, social justice, climate change etc). 
I even spend time going through the hellhole that is the Facebook comments of posts from news stations, as you really get a whole bunch of public opinions both positive and negative, and it helped me make my own objective opinion and possibly think of a new angle that hadn’t been voiced yet.

I’ll just give you a quick example for comparison of my section 2 essays to explain it a bit better:

S2 mark: 63
The topic/essay prompts were heavily based on the environment/climate change/population control.
I wrote what I thought was a solid essay, gave some good opinions on climate change and global warming, basically took the perspective of “climate change = bad” and we need to fix it. It wasn’t a bad essay at all but I can guarantee it was exactly the same as 1000 others and it wasn’t really a stretch of the imagination at all.

S2 mark: 80
The topic/essay prompts (I can’t remember fully) but they were geared towards “teenagers aren’t ready for adulthood”, “kids today aren’t prepared for the real world and need to grow up” (there were more quotes I just can’t really remember sorry)
What I wrote: I presented an argument which basically said it’s an extreme privilege to be a kid/teenager who “isn’t prepared for the real world” or to grow up unprepared for adulthood, as millions of kids are faced with very adult realities from an early age. I gave examples of the police brutality faced by black people in the USA, and the fact that children are forced to grow up and come to terms with racism from a young age in order to survive (ie Tamir rice who was killed at age 14), and so black children don’t have the privilege of “being unprepared for adulthood” because being unprepared and unaware of systemic issues that affect them could likely result in death. Similarly, women start to experience sexual harassment and sexual assault from as young as 11 or 12, and young girls are forced to mature early in order to navigate the world safely and manage what most people would see as “grown up issues” or adult problems. So yeah basically the whole premise of my essay was around privilege and how children of minority groups don’t have the luxury of growing up unprepared for adult life.

Comparing the 63 essay to the 80 essay, what got me that high mark would have definitely been the more out of the box thinking, and the fact that I took a completely different angle to what the markers were expecting. I can’t speak for everyone but for the second one, I can guess that the essay markers read hundreds of essays  on how teenagers aren’t prepared for adult life because we don’t get taught how to do taxes in school or some shit (which isn’t a bad argument at all, it’s just probably more common and not really stretching the imagination by any means)

Anyway basically as I said above, I wouldn’t have been able to write complex opinions and ‘out of the box’ ideas if I hadn’t done a shit tonne of reading and gained a solid background knowledge on current world issues, and the differing opinions on them.

I know this isn’t probably the advice you were expecting or hoping for, as most people when offering tips for section 2 basically tell you to go read a dictionary and use big words to sound more professional, but in my honest opinion it doesn’t matter how many practice essays you write and how fancy your vocabulary is, if your ideas are trash and you don’t really know what you’re writing about in the first place you won’t crack that 70.
