Yes, of course why else would your ignorance irk me so much?  Don't get me wrong, I'm fit and eat healthily now because I'm in a good place.

But having been previously poor, uneducated, and depressed, I wasn't thinking of exercising or even knowing what foods were nutritious and healthy.  I was trying to get whatever calories I could afford to satiate the hunger.  And when you're in a bad place emotionally, one of the few joys in life is comfort food that is often unhealthy and lacking in nutrition.

But this was years ago when I was a young, dumb, and brought up by parents who didn't know better.  I'm in a great place right now.  I do well financially, have my mental health in check, and continuously educating myself and keeping an open mind about other people's perspectives.

That's why it bothers me so much, when you say something that's so inconsiderate and ignorant of how other people's lives may be different from yours.

I mean, I know you don't care and you're being flippant for whatever reason.  And it's unlikely I'll change the way you think, but I have a lot free time at the moment so I'm indulging myself a bit here.  Also, I'm not as worked up as you may believe, because I just find this to be therapeutic trying to put my thoughts down into words.

But I wonder if you really believe the bullshit you're saying.  That it's super easy to simply exercise and don't eat junk food.  You must realize that it's not that easy for a lot of people, right?  You must realize that you probably have a lot of advantages in life that other people don't have, right?  I mean, you're probably somewhat educated, have the financial means to purchase enough quality foods, and you're in a good enough state of mental and emotionally being?

I dunno man... I really am not as upset as you might believe despite this long diatribe as you put it.  This is just a way for me to try and understand why people like you say dumb shit like you do.  I wonder if you genuinely and sincerely mean what you say.
