Try and get swabbed while you still have the bump. It gives your best chance of seeing whether you have it or not. If not in a few weeks go get a blood test done (the longer you wait, the more accurate your score typically. Though you should try and get it in a reasonable time). Make sure the doctor doesn’t diagnose by eye, it’s not accurate whatsoever. And make sure you find a doctor or clinic (I went into a walk in clinic) who will check you even if it looks “normal” or you have no bumbs. Also keep in mind a blood test only test for antibodies (as herpes is not in your blood but on in the “infected” area). It won’t tell you the location you have it. Make sure when you get it swabbed or have a blood test that you are informed of both types (hsv 1 which is more common on the mouth and known as coldsores but can also be spread to the genitals and hsv2 more commonly found on the genitals and rare on the mouth) and if you have one, the other, both, or none. You may find you already have type 1 as it’s aften asymptomatic and we get it from relatives or parents who have kissed us as children. Type 1 is no different than 2 but for some reason doesn’t get as much flack (as it’s not typically related to the genitals I presume). Regardingless, having either doesn’t make you a nasty person and doesn’t make you a different person. 

In the meantime, don’t have sex. Just to be safe. Another thing you can do is just research what HSV (herpes is), what’s it’s like to have it, and how it spreads etc…. In the case you do have it, it’ll help you come to terms faster and learn that it’s common and easy be managed (if it even has to be). If you don’t have it, it’ll educate you on the matter, help you know how to not contract it, how to go about screening your future partners (it’s not typically on full sti screening and people are often asymptomatic and unaware that they have it), and helps one de-stigmatize it and alter your views on it. 

I’m sorry I said a lot, but I hope my advice helps. Everyone’s sores looks differently I’m learning so I could say yes to you, but I could also say no.  It honestly makes no difference. It’s better to just get tested. Especially if it’s something else that could actually effect your health (herpes while it can be an annoyance, is ‘usually’ no more than an annoying rash and at other times you may have prodromal symptoms). Other STIs are another story though. I really do wish you the best, hope this helps!
