I see a lot of this type of questions and I think there 2 main problems with them. Isolation and time.

First, they are "isolated" examples, meaning they isolate an example to the point it is not possible in the real world. In this case, the effects of bullying can not be ever isolated to the class only. The whole school, along with the teachers and parents will be affected by this if we accept that this is the moral action. If you zoom in on a part of the system, effects might seem to be positive overall but we have to consider what happens when we zoom out.

Second, they don't take time into consideration. The effects of bullying might bring more pleasure in the short term but what will be the effects in the long term? We are social animals and not 100% rational. What will be the implications if we accept that bullying is moral because in the short term it seems to bring more pleasure overall? What will the affected people learn? How many people will be affected in the long term?

If there were only 20 people in the world who were all infertile (isolation) and 19 of them bully one to maximize utility consistently (time), then their actions might be moral, but notice how this scenario is kind of useless. All models are wrong but some of them are useful. Examples that are too isolated and ignorant of time don't model anything useful. Still, they might help us to understand what actually we are trying to find. We can inspect them and try to find what parts of them are useful and what parts aren't. 

Last thoughts on the topic. Trying to find the action that brings the most utility is impossible. We would have to take practically an infinite amount of parameters into consideration and stuck in a state of inaction, calculating indefinitely. This obviously doesn't maximize utility. This means we have to estimate, and to estimate more accurately we have to find more accurate models of our world and actions. We have to consider if we choose a strategy that seems to increase negative utility "too much", it is possible that we might have overlooked a strategy that creates more utility because it also minimizes negative utility. I think maximizing pleasure should not be the only goal, we should also try to minimize negative utility, maybe we should focus on the latter part even more.
