&gt;Name one? I can name hundreds. The number of pogroms committed against Jews by feudal regimes is horrific and nigh uncountable. Half the castles and cathedrals in Europe were built with stolen Jewish money.

true, and this was abominable, but pogroms continued after the fall of feudalism hell, rome was anti-semitic before feudalism, blaiming feudalism for anti semitism is bad history

&gt;It was a monarchy that tore apart the New World for gold and God. The Spain that eradicated the Aztec peoples was ruled by a king.

true, but at this point feudalism was weak and absolutism was starting to rise

&gt;It was a succession of monarchies that ripped open Africa and created the most monstrous slave trade in world history,

no ? france was a republic and britain a constitutional monarchy and in the end of colonialism both spain and portugal were republics, but the main colonisers (france and britain) were both claiming to support democracy, besides I'm angevine and do not support the idea of "france" as a culture and united country

&gt; all the way into the industrial era. The Belgium that devoured the Congo was ruled by a king.

and a contitutional monarchy

&gt;Protestant monarchies spent centuries burning Catholics at the stake, and Catholic monarchies spent centuries burning Protestants at the stake.

when this happened feudalism was dying

&gt; They both spent centuries burning Muslims, Jews, and outspoken women at the stake.

while true, this was more motivated by religious intolerance then feudalism

&gt;The crusades, wars intended to destroy a religious ideology, were initiated and carried out by monarchies.

no, the pope declared the crusades, the pope is theocratic, and if you didn't join it you would be exoccomunicated, like the great angevine emperor John "Lackland"

&gt;I could go on but hopefully the point is becoming clear. You are either extremely young and ignorant of history, or a troll.

ad hominem

&gt; No sensible adult honestly believes that monarchy is a just and bloodless system of government.

why ? there are still many monarchies in the world and lots of people support them ?
