The Ethiopian government enacted a unilateral ceasefire just to avoid this from happening. If you check the humanitarian reach after the ceasefire, you'll see that reach has improved immensely and that the only thing that needs to improve is aid delivery. The Ethiopian government urged TPLF to stop engaging in war and to let people farm, but TPLF ignored it and continued on an offensive. Allowing people to farm is crucial because the current aid funding is not sustainable. But TPLF main concern has always been their power which is why they've disregarded their citizens' needs and continued their offensive.   
Also, multiple Amhara reporters, which have reported on their territorial losses and the current situation in Amhara, have reported that TPLF forces recently killed 100s of civilians. Although, take it with some grain of salt. But I just wanted to bring it up to further emphasize the fact that the current depiction of the war is horribly one-sided and ignorant of the background. And as we saw in Syria, the media loves to unduly paint conflicts as underdog/David-vs-Goliath situations to sell to their audiences.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;I'd agree both sides are bad, ideally Tigray would become independent and then both Ethiopia and Tigray would get new not-horrible leadership.

  
No. This is literally the worst-case scenario. It would be the precursor to disintegration because every ethnic group would follow. Furthermore, even with a central government ethnic violence is a problem, so imagine what would happen when every region secedes and start fighting over land claims.  
Ethnic violence has been a severe problem with a central government, so imagine what would happen when every region secedes and start fighting over their land claims. And people of another ethnicity than the region would literally be massacred (It has occurred even in recent years due to idiotic tribal insurgencies but would be 1000000x worse if disintegration happens). For example, what today is western Tigray is a clear example of a disputed area whose right owner is not very clear. This, to me, is another indictment against the NYTimes and Washington Post, which reported western Tigray as Amhara expansionism without knowing its disputed and ambiguous history. I am so disappointed and have lost so much respect for NYTimes and Washington Post for their recent reporting.
