I guess you missed the I spoke about DFS certification and testing. But you apparently just overlooked it.

I'll reiterate again so maybe this time you will see that I stated that DFS radar detection is tested but it's only tested At least for the purposes of FCC certification to confirm it will detect legitimate radars not that it will not trigger false positives, And that it is likely and probable that it would lean on the side of triggering a false positive rather than continuing with a false negative because a false negative would allow it to interfere with a lawful user of that frequency and interfere with radar whereas a false positive would only affect a user who is a secondary user of the frequency band anyway, and would only affect that user's Wi-Fi which is a much lower priority.

Also you've basically proven my point partially, Because apparently you're saying that a random piece of junk access point is just coincidentally making a transmission that just happens to look like a specific radar signature, based on what you said it needs to be a very specific signature. Yeah that's probably pretty unlikely.

And here's the other thing. You are talking in absolutes. It could very well be possible that the DFS detections are legitimate that due to a change of conditions the radars signature are now detectable or it could very well be possible that none of the access points around the OP But some other device is causing the issue, could even be an incidental radiator. But again you are absolutely convinced that It couldn't possibly be the Unifi's. And again no matter what you say you do not have the information available to you to make that statement.

And again I never said it was the Unifi's fault, But yet you are So hell bent and ignorant that these Unifi's have perfect DFS detection that there could be no other possibility that it must be those other access points, you didn't even seem to think for a second of any other possibilities that it just had to be those access points. That right there shows you have such blind loyalty and you have lost all objective reasoning.
