You don't have to be sorry or feel ashamed, for trying to be inclusive, I would've probably said similar things if Indian social realities were similar. There are many things all of us are unaware and ignorant about. I highly appreciate your open-mindednness.

###Context for Temple vandalism 
Like I had said temple vandalism is a very big problem, there are only about 1400 hindus and 400 sikhs in Afghanistan but yet they are being persecuted similar is the situation in Pakistan from where the recent video emerged from. And the part where the problem starts is that people start saying this has nothing to do with religion, which is religiously sanctioned, and there are tens of thousands of desecrated temples that stand that speak with dumb mouths. When one is ignorant about the history, evidence, religious sanction, of undeniable fact ( The last Abrahamic religion's apologist justified bombing of Bamiyan Buddha very openly) one shuts all doors for reform. If you don't acknowledge the problem how will you solve it.

There were so many temples detroyed, big and small that were destroyed in India. There are evidence for atleast 40k temples and undeniable evidence for 2-3k temples, by many historians. Now keep in mind desecration. In 1990 a law was introduced, that said that status of worship places cant be changes, Imagine this 400-500yrs of temple desecration and mosques built on top of that and when one finally becomes free enough to restore  them, they are being shackled. Hindus in India has one demand, you broke our 40k temples, let us have 3 back. Even this demand is potrayed as harmful. These 3 places are the dearest to Hindus, Birthplace of Bhagwan Ram, Birth place of Krishna and one is Vishwanath temple. 

Ram mandir after a very heated period and a lot of violence and court case and arhcheaological evidence was won( very complex, read about " Ayodhya ram janmabhoomi case"). Vishwanath temple was also desecrated. Within the land of the krishna temple a mosque was built, overnight ( after independence) and a fraud took place( a fake trust, with the same name as the original trust, went to the court and said we want to give half the land for a mosque ( Imagine this), we most likely will win this case as this a case of fraud. 

In our school books we have things like hindu kings broke temples, and hundreds of such things. When Court cases are filed to produce evidence. The Marxist historian weren't able to produce. ( Imagine school books with lies and no evidence to back it). Only Hindus
 temples( no other religious place) are under goverment control, which means Hindus temple can't use hindu funds to help hindu temples do charity ans help the poor. while on the other hand missionaries convert people and offer them benifits that are only available to Christians ( Health care, education support) which aids conversion.

My only message to you about India would be don't accept what I say or anyone else says blindly. The 'Eminent' historians, news channels and bureaucracy are to a large degree compromised, they are making noises even when Kashmiri pandits who fled their homeland are being resettled, even after the fact that they themselves don't deny the genocide ( overwhelming evidence+ videos etc etc.)

I agree, in your context and in open societies, what you said is valid. 

There is so much to this not known and is suppressed which even I have little idea of. How can I expect it from a person not in the same situation and Country. I am very glad and appreciate your open mindedness and not letting your ego blind you, something all of us can learn from.

I just hope some of what I've said above will aid you in better understanding of twisted facts that you get presented with,( you don't have to take my word at face value as well me,  I encourage you to do your own research)


Dhanyawad.
