
(CN: cannabis use. And I know it’s not Sunday… LOL)

I’ve wanted to post something like this for awhile. 

So, it’s Saturday morning. I’m awake, maybe still a tad buzzed from last night. I’ve already had a handful of last night’s snacks. 

Why should I get out of bed?

I’m trying to save money. I ran a lot of errands yesterday. It’s supposed to rain all day. I don’t have ‘people’ I ‘hang out with.’ That’s not a thing. 

I started the pandemic as a skittish introvert worn out by interaction. I avoided people because my boundaries were not always reliable — I would either find myself completely giving in to whatever randomly came up in conversation, or being wounded that people can be so unaware and inattentive. 

During the pandemic, I’ve gone from introversion to flat out isolation. 

Cannabis is legit 100% my way of coping with (dealing with, distracting myself from being) FA. I’ve had less than 5 dates in the past two decades. I have a hard enough time making friends, much less progressing to the next stage. Depression and CPTSD are on-board, along with being conventionally unattractive and possible ADHD.

I didn’t feel like this was worth its own post, especially with my focus on cannabis use. And I am not trying to advocate it as a cure-all. 

This might be more of a confession, actually. Just need to share this with a group that might understand. Because my friends do not. They can’t. The vast majority of my friends are younger than me. The people that are older are single because they’re divorced or widowed. 

And, honestly, it might be me justifying this to myself. I’ve made my decision so I don’t need or want to hear any anti-cannabis arguments. (Mods, if I screwed up, I’m sorry.) 

Just my reality. And sometimes I hate it, but sometimes I love it. I can get out of bed at two in the afternoon. I can listen to music at 4 AM. I’m getting more and more used to it. I know that the things other people listed in the sub about older women, conventionally unattractive women being invisible — all that is absolutely true. 20 years ago, people used to be surprised that I was single. Now, people don’t even see me much less wonder about me. There are days when that deeply deeply hurts and messes with me existentially. And then there are days like today, when I’ve had a couple of Oreos in the morning and I feel warm and comfy in bed and I just think “oh well….. fuck ‘em all.”

I’ll end my my rambling here. If you read all  of this, thanks.
