You really don't have to "jump on them all" because each use of fictional inspiration from an historical event is different in its nature and context. You really can look at the individual circumstance and make an assessment. In this circumstance, many people, not just me, took offense to an author going out of his way to suggest a HEA about stolen magical kids was just like an historical event in which indigenous kids were stolen from their families and placed with white families, and another historical event in which kids were stolen from their families, institutionalized, and a lot of them died. Many people also took offense to his American-centric assertion that few people know about this event - I learned about it in school. You'd be hard-pressed to find a Canadian unaware of this issue. Claiming it's a little-known historical oddity when it's one of the most important historical issues affecting Canada today, and people living today, who attended residential school themselves, or were stolen from their families, or had parents who grew up with PTSD because of the abuses they suffered in residential schools, is massively insensitive and ignorant of the author. 

I think the book itself is a fantasy plot that is totally separate from the historical incident, as I said very clearly in this article. Many have read this book as a fantasy unrelated to historical atrocities. My problem is that the author went out of his way to connect his book to indigenous genocide multiple times in interviews. In this article, I'm saying that I personally will never read this book because of that connection, because it is too upsetting to me. I'm not telling anyone else what to do. 

But I don't find a response that tells me "it's not a big deal, get over it" persuasive in the least. The responses of some his fans elsewhere on social media, quite frankly, is alarming. I've seen them  attack indigenous people who have a problem with his comparison, and use indigenous people who liked the book to silence indigenous people who didn't appreciate the genocide plot point. The author has issued no statement indicating he understands why people are upset at his words appropriating indigenous genocide in his fantasy book. So he's happy to use indigenous people's history to sell his books, but can't be bothered to even address the issue when some of them have a problem with being used.
