Ugh, do NOT get me started on this!

Like, I hate to be crass, but how uneducated are these people? I understand that being Greek I have some privilege in mythology being even taught at schools to a small extent, never mind parents at the very least giving the basics to children (mine were awesome and got me a small library of stuff on it) but like... The game sledgehammers you in the face with Greek mythology references in Bastion and the Maw, many names are literally just modern Greek given names. 

And there's more than Greek things ofc, e.g. a lot of Ardenweald is as I understand Celtic in inspiration. But okay, I'll go further, put aside the mythology stuff. Have these people... never played another fantasy video game, haven't they played D&amp;D, read a book, *anything?* WoW afterlife is, I'm told, also heavily influenced by D&amp;D style afterlife, except it's less about godly patrons and more about worldly deeds. Still, I keep seeing this, for lack of a better word... "hyper-spiritual" notion of the afterlife, which gives me a vibe of a rather closed-minded Christian-based view of things, which across history has hardly been the singular view of the hereafter. 

Again, to retread on the Greek thing, the Underworld/Hades was populated with shades, which I always had the impression were a bit like the disembodied souls you see in Shadowlands, see: weekly Maw quest and Bastion. The shades were usually insubstantial and "dumb", as they had drunk from the river Lethe and were forgetful and ignorant of their surroundings, *but not always so.* With ritual and offering you could get them to eat, talk -- and prophesize -- and more, and in some views they had what could be seen as a regular life... in death! And so many of the world's belief systems have revolved around active material afterlives, reincarnation, things we see in the game!

In WoW, which is a universe with known planes/dimensions, why would you expect (!) life after death to not have some material substance? 

I am more annoyed with the "death is meaningless" bollocks you see getting spewed around though. Never mind the fact that people have made a mess of things in their heads re: death in WoW &amp; Covenants (and Blizzard bears some blame for that IMO) thinking that they should make their choice based on where their character or class (sigh) would go, a lot of people seem to think that knowing what awaits kills the idea or fear of death, or that their future lived actions are irrelevant, things the game **directly refutes.** *There are people today, IRL, who believe to know what awaits them.* How is death meaningless to them?!
