&gt; youd be ok with the government coming in and taking action against people for certain things they say publicly?

I don’t think that’s what they’re saying. They said, “Public health concerns . . . can override certain individual freedoms.” That’s the same position the U.S. Supreme Court has taken on the First Amendment right to freedom of speech: a person does not have the right to tell “fire!” in a crowded theater.

All of our freedoms are limited, and can be suspended if there is an overriding public interest, because we live in a society and humans are susceptible to irrational behaviors and extreme conditions. When humans hear someone yell “fire” in a crowded theater, they do not respond with rational inquiry into whether there is actually a fire, and if so what they all should do about it; instead, they literally act like livestock, with panic spreading until they stampede and trample others to death. Humans create extreme conditions through social failures, resulting in war in which we openly kill one another. As a result, in order to get back to some semblance of normality, our President is authorized to declare martial law and suspend the right to habeas corpus, as Lincoln did in the Civil War.

Similarly, humans are subject to extreme natural conditions, like the outbreak of a deadly pathogen. If there is a terrifyingly dangerous pandemic and you have people spreading misinformation that causes significant harm to society—because people are animals and not always governed by rational behavior and thought processes—it might be worth strictly limiting the right to freedom of speech.

Are we there yet? That’s a judgment call. COVID isn’t Ebola in its fatality rate, but it also isn’t the seasonal flu. Combine that fact with (A) a cult of personality surrounding a polarizing and influential political leader who lies all the time for his own personal gain, which tends to align with being reactionary, (B) a movement among public intellectuals whose existence depends on their viewpoints being reactionary, and (C) a public so excessively selfish and ignorant that they feel like mask mandates are significant limitations of their freedom, and you get over 600,000 excess dead Americans in about 1.5 years.

For comparison, World War II resulted in about 420,000 American deaths over the course of 5+ years. At the time, the American people and its leaders thought that was a sufficient threat that it justified the suspension of the civil rights of Japanese Americans, confiscating their property and placing them into concentration camps. The U.S. Supreme Court upheld that action in the *Korematsu* case. Although the Court later held that *Korematsu* was wrongly decided, hindsight, as they say, is 20/20.
