It is seriously brutal. I wrote my story in the comment above, but I had never done any recreational drugs other than smoking pot before I got addicted to painkillers, which happened when I was seriously ill for 3 years, having nearly two dozen procedures/surgeries. I was in so much pain, but knew nothing of addiction at the time, and my doctor kept prescribing painkillers and being young and unaware of opioid addiction, I trusted her. 

So for many people, you don't even have to pick up a drug habit, you can just get seriously ill or seriously injured and suddenly it happens to you. Of course, now we have all heard about the opioid crisis and doctors are hardly prescribing them anymore, so people can be more knowledgable going in to surgeries and illness and have a plan with their health team so they don't become another statistic. 

But yeah, the withdrawal is crazy. When I'd go through it, I wanted to kill myself and I mean that very seriously, but I just didn't have the energy to do it. I thought, if I could have walked myself to a bridge I'd just jump off. I'd lay there on the floor, crying. I'd frantically check the apartment to see if there were any more pills. I'd be profusely sweating, running to the bathroom, having fever episodes and so on. And I'd tell myself I'd never do it again.

One time, I was so afraid of the withdrawal that I googled for a drug dealer in my area, I emailed him - knowing it could be an axe murderer or a cop - and he wanted to meet in a graveyard two hours away. When I showed up, he actually yelled at me, saying how crazy it was for a tiny young girl to be doing this. He gave me my pills though. And he was actually very nice! But THAT is how crazy drug addiction is, that I would risk my life like that. 

As for your alcohol issues, I hope you get that sorted because while alcohol will kill you and rob you of everything you care about more slowly, it still ends up with the same result. And you deserve to be joyous, happy and free! Reach out for help if you need it. Don't be ashamed :)
