Can someone help me answer this question because I'm confused. 

Most recent data shows increase in breakout infection of those that are vaccinated, we now know that we can get infected with Delta even after we are fully vaccinated and we can also infect others around us, which prompted the CDC reaction to start getting the mask ideas re-introduced back into the conversation. No wonder after all the promises of vaccines bringing back normal we are all pissed and disappointed with where we are at this point. 

With that in mind the best reason to still get the vaccine is the wide increase in protection against serious illness or hospitalization. It really is the main benefit and its selfish in nature so it could convince even more people to get the jab. Great lets focus on that. We should all try to do our part in lowering the death rates and keeping most people out of hospital setting and I understand the focus of government in doing so. The vaccine rates will naturally slowly increase with selfish motive of self preservation and if you like to speed this up then continue the positive campaign or even offer some monetary incentives like the one time reward or the lotteries in different provinces. IT IS WORKING. 

Now my question is where does the Vaccine Passport fit into that. If we know that you can still infect people while fully vaccinated and you can be asymptomatic and unaware of even being infected, then putting people in crowded, indoor places, just because they are vaccinated and have passports DOES NOTHING in protecting people from infections. It could actually be counter productive and give people false sense of security to go out and put themselves and others at more risk just because they now can and therefore contribute to even more outbreaks and limitations in the future. It seems to me from previous experience that the cases of infections numbers were always used to bring in the most restrictions but with the very successful vaccination campaign Canada should be able to avoid major hospitalization and death numbers even with infection spikes from Delta variant in the near future. Unfortunately the spikes will happen and it could be larger with the implementation of Vaccines Passports therefore brining in more limitations and frustration in the future, making us all feel again like this will never end. 

It seems to me that Vaccines Passports are more negative then positive when it comes to this pandemic. I understand the carrot over stick incentives to get most people vaccinated but it seems to me again more of a political stunt then actual pandemic control measure. Add to that the polarization of the society that it causes with division between those that are and are not vaccinated. Add the chance of actually infecting more people with the false sense of security and the historical concerns people have with privacy issues, over reach of government when given a chance and it all looks to me like a really bad idea and not an overall benefit. 

Does anyone else feel the same way or sees things a different way. Lets have those conversations since they are important.
