Shit, I’m sure if they managed to ship back the pyramids to Europe you’d still have the same fucked up viewpoint.

“the Louvre had bought four reliefs stolen from a private tomb on the west bank at Luxor. When the thieves had entered the tomb, they had cut out specific reliefs and damaged the whole wall. If one goes to see the wall of the tomb today, it is clear that the reliefs were taken, and one can see that all the paintings on the wall were damaged.” 

Apparently, the majority of the stolen artefacts would have remained in much better condition if all these shit stain “archaeologists” never showed up. Who are only there to make a name for themselves, or to make money. There’s always been interest in Ancient Egyptian history, because you know… the fucking main attraction has always been the three huge pyramids sticking out of the desert when people would visit Cairo. Aztec pyramids see a lot of interest with little early colonisation theft like Egypt saw. 

Today they are still uncovering Egyptians artefacts, which are done under much more controlled circumstances. I’m sure without that “massive interest” then we’d still have tens of lost mummies that were ground up and sold to visiting foreigners to inhale. 

Just because the local populace were uneducated and ignorant of the significance of their history, doesn’t mean their children would be. And justifying theft of foreign artefacts with the excuse of “we helped everyone like Ancient Egypt haha” is bullshit and makes you sound like a colonialist apologist. 

And the excuse of “keeping their artefacts safe from the barbarians destroying their own history” is bullshit considering all the past decades of historical monuments being destroyed has been in war torn countries. Egypt hasn’t been gripped by civil wars in any recent modern history and the recent revolution never resulted in artefacts being destroyed. The only time artefacts have been destroyed is when colonists were in Egypt, or when Europe was at war with Egypt. 

So please, shove that sorry excuse for ‘cultivated interest’ and stick it up your ass.
