Our system has the issue some other systems have: we were all very individual throughout our life, but we were all told we were the same person. So while we may have been distinctly different when fronting, ourselves and everyone around us thought it was normal. Thus, working to recognize our differences when switching or "feeling weird" has been very very difficult. 

One of these difficulties came from age regressing and meeting our little/slider. For the past threeish years I've been age regressing as a comfort mechanism, and my age regressing began before we realized we were a system. For a few days several weeks after recognizing our systemhood (at first it was only Creature and I who were aware of our individuality. As a note I'll be using vo/vo's pronouns for Creature) Creature would communicate with me and comment to our partner that vo thought there was someone else in the system. Vo didn't know who it was, what their name was, what their personality was, what they looked like, and couldn't contact them. I had no "feeling" of a third person and never noticed anything so I thought vo might be thinking wishfully or might be paranoid. 

About a week into Creature noticing this "third onlooker" we were with my partner and I age regressed due to something stressful. It calmed me down and I, unbeknownst at the time, became mushy and co-con with our little, Mono. After some time I faded away and Mono was alone in front, Creature and I had no contact with him. 

Our partner started to pick up on it, and Mono did a little too because he thought he was me and was paranoid that he "wasn't acting right" (he didn't want our partner to think we were faking by not acting normal). He was hyperactive, somewhat aggressive, and unaware of how to be gentle/give space. It made our partner uncomfortable and eventually they addressed him and asked if he was me. He began to realize he wasn't and there was some time of confusion and turmoil on his end. Eventually he got overwhelmed and I got thrust back to the front. My partner and I talked, and then eventually we started to think.

At first I was mad because he made my partner uncomfortable but I quickly got over it as I learned more about systemhood and littles and him. Now we're really close friends, he calls me big brother :) I was also a little worried or mad that he had taken being little away from me, I *love* age regressing! And I thought that now that I had a distinct little alter every time I tried to age regress it would end up being him fronting. I was also a little paranoid that maybe I didn't actually like it very much and instead it was his feelings bleeding into mine. We had a rough first week, but everything got better eventually. 

For a while before meeting Mono we thought Creature age regressed too, I mean it made sense, it was only vo and I so we thought it would be pretty likely for us to both age regress. Since we met Mono however Creature hasn't age regressed, and it's been a few months, and normally vo age regressed maybe once every one to two weeks. We still aren't certain, it is likely vo just hasn't needed to age regress recently, as vo really enjoyed it, but we aren't certain on anything and honestly don't mind not knowing. 

So, in conclusion/TLDR: Our system was used to being blended and unaware of one another, this caused problems for myself (age regression is a huge coping strat of mine) and our little. We thought it was just me age regressing at first but it's more likely whenever I age regressed we were actually co-con. We realized he's a headmate because he acted different around our partner and made them uncomfortable enough for them to question wether or not he was me. One thing especially that helped us recognize this was that my age is usually in the 1-5 range when I go little whereas his is in the 5-11 range, so sometimes "I" would go little but feel older and didn't know why. Turns out it was probably just him XD We are now both very close, no grudges or anger, he and my partner get along super well and love each other very much :) and I still age regress! He didn't actually take it from me, it might be easier for us since our age ranges have very little overlap, which helps us identify ourselves from one another!
