This is only your assertion, we are both on an equal footing here, and your words do not prove your assertion that Schneisel and Kaguya will discuss the treaty made between Ohgi and Schneizel. The fact that you believe that Kaguya recognizes the treaty as official does not prove anything.  
What role could Diethard take? We know the role of both Diethard and Ohgi, and Diethard never aspired to take Ohgi's place as Deputy Zero. Avalon never had the hadron cannons: https://codegeass.fandom.com/wiki/Avalon . They didn't lose, they called a truce, after which some of them escaped.   
If you revisit episode 9, you can see that after Kawaguchi almost every day BK fought, and also in several episodes either Lelouch calls Ohgi or Ohgi calls Zero, which shows that Lelouch was tracking almost all of BK's activities. Yes, he had managers, but all of their wins were only thanks to Zero.  
1. Your statement was based on the fact that the main reason for distrusting Suzak was the death of Nunnally, not "betrayal during 17." That is exactly the problem.   
3. You originally claimed that the UFN was created for something similar to ZR.   
4. You stated exactly that: "He could predict that Schneizel was lying and got on his good graces so that he would be spared."  
5. The BKs were there just in case, nothing more.  
6. Erasing Euphy's evil legacy was one of the goals for ZR, you can see that in move 22. ZR did not arise after Rolo's death, Rolo's death and Nunnally's "death" caused him to go directly against the emperor, with his eventual death, without a plan for ZR.  
8. In essence, it was already a pact. And the fact that Kaguya flew there only to turn the demand into a treaty is your fiction, as Schneizel may well have kept this information until he found the most profitable moment, thereby destroying the UFN's trust in BK.   
9. You claimed that he knew about the team and had Kallen kill Suzaku despite the team. But if he was oblivious and unaware of its effectiveness, you can't claim that Fleija is Lelouch's fault. Yes, Lelouch was always impulsive.   
10. Revisit episodes 18-24, where you can see that Ohgi as Zero's deputy is useless, because without Zero they have no good leadership, no concrete plan of action, and not enough of a commander to lead them.  
11. Despite the fact that it has been claimed that Japan was neutral (which Lelouch did by liberating the colonies, as stated at the beginning of turn 22), the British civilian population has not been expelled or somehow harmed, besides in turn 23 we see how quickly Japan has been reoccupied: "*In short, the only force Lelouch can deploy against us is the division he brought to reoccupy Japan. But the balance of power can be tipped for him at any time. To minimize damage, we cannot hesitate. The time to confront him is now."* Which confirms that Britannia was essentially in control of Japan, despite claiming "neutrality. No matter how much you claim this is not a betrayal of the UFN, you provide no evidence to the contrary, increasingly proving that Ohgi and BK betrayed the UFN.   
12. You yourself have stated that these are equally possible options, and your phrase "logic" proves nothing. You can't prove that Schneizel won't tell what he made a deal with Ohgi to betray Zero in exchange for Japan, and since Schneizel is a politician, he's smart enough to keep that information for a long time.   
And there's even more speculation. Whether or not Suzaku would have returned to Japan after the conquests is just your speculation. Ko1 CAN control the chosen zone, but he can also REFUSE, devoting himself entirely to protecting the Emperor and carrying out the Ragnarok plan, which is what Bismarck did.   
You only prove more with your statements that you are wrong, and your saying that you understand the characters well, while constantly confusing the order of events, reasons, or creating bogus arguments, on the contrary, proves that your "facts" prove nothing. 

Have a good day.
