&gt; The problem with your post and "Believe all women" bullshit is that it runs counter to how our justice system has worked for centuries.

The person you're responding to never said believe all women. They said take allegations seriously, which should happen. If someone makes an accusation it shouldn't just be dismissed out of hand, it should be listened to and investigated.

&gt; The onus isnt on Bob to mount a defense and prove her wrong. Its on HER to come up with proof it happened.

That might be true in Criminal Court, where the government has to prove the charges beyond a reasonable doubt. But I'm Civil Court, where it's only a preponderance of the evidence, both sides are fighting to tip the scales in their favor, to reach that 51% threshold. So yeah, you're kind of wrong about the onus being just on her side in the court system, specifically when we're talking lawsuits.

&gt; I flat out dont believe all women. I believe women (or men) with evidence. Thats the difference.

Sexual abuse typically happens in private. Minors are groomed to think it's normal and are instructed or threatened to not say anything, often by family members and other people they trust. To think that there would be overwhelming physical evidence for these sort of crimes is naive and ignorant of actual sexual abuse, spoken like someone who has never handled these types of cases and investigations or dealt with actual victims. Testimony *is* evidence and should be considered as evidence, but it should be scrutinized like any other piece of physical evidence. I'm sure you want DNA and the likes but certainly if the accuser said an incident happened in a particular hotel room and it could be confirmed that the suspect was in that hotel room on that specific date, that would likewise be evidence although it wouldn't necessarily be the smoking gun you peobay want. Obviously that's not happening in Dylan's case, which goes to my earlier point of take allegations seriously, then investigate. Also, don't conflate a civil attorney filing a lawsuit with an actual police investigation, grand jury indictment, and government prosecution...they're not the same.
