&gt; How robust is this? Is it tied to the sun’s cycle?

Yes, very much so. The more time I spend in dark rooms the greater the severity. I have often been blindsided by my symptoms by just assuming a laying position for a few seconds on a couch after feeling tired. The fog is a lot like the feeling of drowsiness and inarticulate blankness that strikes people when they are extremely tired, only, it will often last for several days with no lasting reprieve. 

As a result, I have filled my apartment with lamps and turn them on first thing in the morning and keep the blinding glow up until I’m ready to go to bed. But this has inconsistent effects, and rarely it will be the mid/late morning that is clear with the late afternoon seeing a resurgence of brain fog only to be relieved in the late evenings. My capacity to read nonfiction literature is also horribly impaired by the fog; I struggle to speak to people and become embarrassingly unaware and clumsy (forgetting my card in billing system at a coffee house, or forgetting the names of acquaintances, or feeling utterly uninspired in conversation). 

I think I may have a circadian rhythm disorder of some kind, but I’m not sure that the symptoms all reduce into that and it is possible that my illness is too unique and too far adrift from typical, organically-caused illnesses given that I have a history of hospitalizations for brain injuries. Still, the fact that there are rare days where the fog is penetrated and I feel ecstatically productive and inspired and socially elegant and curious tempts me to hope that there is some kind of ready biological explanation for what is happening to me that calls for a straightforward solution. Unfortunately, prestigiously trained Omni-competent psychiatrists like I’m sure Scott Alexander is are impossible to find, with depressingly long waiting lists and huge practice fees. My family and I have been trying for the last 18 months to find someone with an ideal medical background who could help me, but so far I have only had access to generic psychiatric care. 

I have not tried cycling on and off them but I can already say that I don’t want to. The side effects of vyvanse and other stimulants are the only effects that don’t evaporate within a day or two of use, and they often make the problem worse, strange as that is. I will become even less functional/literate/cognizant on vyvanse if I take it too many days in a row. 

You suggest that maybe my illness is a mere annoyance or inconvenience given the fact that you’re not seeing evidence of it in my writing. But that is just it: it doesn’t affect my academic achievement or other intellectual tasks that occur under controlled conditions, because I can take as long as I need to compose an expressive sentence. It’s my ability to speak and think clearly in private and in social situations that is so horribly blunted by the illness. It makes reading into absolute drudgery when it is otherwise my favorite thing to do. I feel like “God” has cursed me to only have enough competence to be tantalized by the life it could promise, but not enough to ever really live it. It’s nothing short of hell on earth and my day to day is agonized by the near-unrelenting symptoms.
