There’s nothing in this world more permanent than death. 

It’s an end. A period. A stump. There’s no love in death. There is death in death and death only.

I just firstly want to make sure you’re aware that this plan is flawed. Dying is not going to make anyone love you, it’s going to ensure that no one can will ever love you again.

I’m not trying to be mean, im going to be blunt with you. Cause that’s what death is, ITS BLUNT. If you can’t take it, then you can’t take death. It’s DEATH. The seizure of your existence, never to exist again, never will exist again. 

In a world where death gets romanticized; where movie heroes surprisingly come back to life, where suicide is a teenage drama film, where death gets depicted as pretty much anything other than what death actually is, so many people begin to have these images and elaborate fantasies of what happens when they die, how everyone will react, and it’s ALL INCORRECT.

I was depressed and suicidal before. Then I remembered a very harsh truth about this world: If (and when) you die, you’ll be dead. You’ll be put in the ground, or put in an urn. People will mourn for you for a time. They’ll come to pay their respects, but subconsciously they’re really coming so that they can make their PEACE and CLOSURE with your death, So that they can write you off as not longer existing in their heads and live without you. The sun will come up, it’ll go back down, the seasons will change, the people will change, the world will change. and everyday you become less and less significant to this world. A reminder of a day that no longer exists. The only ones who will truly mourn for you, is your family. Your DIRECT family because even your extended family will eventually forget about you in time. And one day they’ll be dead too, and then you’ll truly be forgotten.

This world is harsh, and whatever you’re going through, I promise you it is not NEARLY as harsh as death. If we actually understood what death was, we wouldn’t want it. It’s a very mortal thing to wish for because we don’t actually understand what it is. And if we did, we’d understand why our more VITAL instinct in this world is to avoid it. 

If you don’t take anything from this, at least take this: in a world that will move on and forget you ever existed, full of people who will forget you ever existed, in a world with Reddit full of people trying to help you, but would be completely unaware and unbothered if you actually killed yourself because they don’t know you, and people die everyday, **LIVE FOR YOURSELF.** that’s the person who has more to lose than you’ll ever know.
