Phil, I can’t tell you how much these responses help. I’m on vacation with my family until Labor Day but will write more when I get back. The similarities are simply astounding. I really know what’s it’s like when your best friend marks her territory around you. I didn’t realize it at the time and I think that’s what got us here. The hardest comments here on this post are the ones that suggest waiting until the 6 month old is in Kindergarten. I don’t recoil at my wife touching me. In fact she never touches me LOL. I enjoy sex with her when it happens. Sometimes
I falsely believe that if we just fixed our r communication and worked on our sex life, we’d be OK. Then I remember that I think about men constantly and I’m not fully present with her because I’m craving deep down intimacy with a man - not just physical, I could just do the bihusband hall pass thing because I want real deep intimacy. Anyway, I feel so selfish because there isn’t tension in our house as long as I push down my feelings and I’m good at that. So I keep beating myself up over the why not just give it five more years. Then I become sad because it’s five more years when both my wife and I could be working toward being authentically happy. I want her to be happy too and I’ve already caused her pain through betrayal. The problem is this: when I had an emotional affair, unintentionally, I realized that I could be loved and sought after by a man. I didn’t feel this when I first came out 20 years ago because I was so scared and unaware of myself. That feeling though flipped a switch in me that can’t be unflipped. At the same time I know it’s possible, I’m filled with self doubt. What if the grass isn’t greener? What if I trade a diamond for a lump of coal? Why am I giving up this picture perfect postcard family? We literally have it all, well there’s not white picket fences where we live but same concept. I just feel like a selfish jerk for putting my base sexual and emotional needs ahead of my family. Honestly it isn’t bad at home right now. My wife and I are great at parenting and providing a living household for the children. We get along amazingly, it’s just all this stuff inside me. My wife tells me to watch more gay porn. I know you’re telling me to not just suck it up, it’s just that these feelings are so strong and I don’t want to hurt anyone just for my own gain. I can see lots of positive things for my wife, but it also comes with some struggles. Honestly she deserves to be fully loved by someone. On the kids thing, I understand why she’d go back home. We’ve even talked about it ourselves. Having family around - grandparents, aunts, cousins - is wonderful.
