1. How long did you know this person? I absolutely would be put off by someone who barely knows me trying to pass judgement on my previous relationships. It’s my lived experience; only I or people who know me well should be making any sort of comment on my past relationships. You as an outsider cannot know whether they were good or bad choices for me because only someone with an intimate understanding of who I am as a person and how I changed after those relationships would be able to see how the choices I made affected me. If you only knew this person for a short period of time, then you are being incredibly rude and ignorant of the fact that these are not your experiences and this is not your life, or the life of someone you know well. Unless the person directly asked you for advice on what they did wrong in the past, this is an unnecessary comment to make. It’s like women who say they are straightforward and use it as an excuse to just be rude and judgmental. Then, if someone calls them out on it, they’ll turn around and say people just can’t handle the truth. No; people don’t accept others being disrespectful to their experiences unprompted if they have some self-respect.

2. If you had left it at the first half, it would have been cute and romantic; adding the second half makes you sound a little off, like someone who has an academic/scientific interest in romantic relationships (the addition sounds like something Data would say off of Star Trek, so it makes you seem very clinical).

3. This makes you come across as callous. You can rephrase the exact same statement in a more palatable way, possibly something like: I’m a problem solver, so it’s difficult for me to hear that you’re having a negative experience without wanted to find a way to fix it. I’m not good at just being an active listener/just a shoulder to cry on. (Note: this is a good skill to learn in a relationship, not every negative comment needs to be solved, sometimes it’s nice to just talk shit with your partner as that can relieve negative emotions for situations.)

4. “My previous experience with marriage has soured the concept of it to me completely. I still believe in commitment and dedication, but I have learned that marriage is not for me.” (Note: this is a valid reason for someone to end a relationship with you; some people have marriage as an end goal, and if your values in that regard don’t align, you cannot fault the other person for ending the relationship over a nonnegotiable. Your honesty in this context is important, and will help you weed out incompatible partners.)

5. “I admire you for putting your kids first, it shows me that you understand your priorities, I would do the same if I had children. However, I don’t, and I can’t see myself shouldering the responsibility of someone else’s children, especially if we are not in a long-term, committed relationship.” (Dependent upon whether that is your boundary, or if you can’t see yourself ever bearing responsibility for another person’s kids, leave off the “especially if” part.) 


In all, it seems like you are a very straightforward person, which I find to be a good trait, but you are not diplomatic or kind in the way you express your thoughts. Tone in conversation is incredibly important, especially in a romantic context.
