lets go through your points...   


Cage Children...   


OK so first off no one "caged children" in the sense of putting them in like cages for animals. Children were detained and they had to go somewhere. They could not be sent home because no one would take them from the other side. And They could not come into the USA because they had no one to take them... So they where given shelter and protected against the elements, given food and drink, kept warm and protected from danger... I am not sure what else you wanted the border to do. They are not a baby sitting service. They did the best with what they had.   


Taking children away from parents...   


Well yes cops remove kids from parents. That is like SOP in almost every case in America. I do not know of any place that allows adults and minors to be detained together. Also you have to keep in mind that a lot of those kids were taken away from people who kid napped them and used them to get into the states or were taken away from sex traffickers. This was all documented and anyone with half a brain can find this out.   


Valid Reasoning...   


You have got to be kidding right? Are you just that ignorant of the real world?   


Let children die...   


You are either grossly misinformed about the American Public, or just stupid. And I mean that. I do not know of a single American who would just let kids die. And frankly shame on you for that. You should know better. Any person who is at least half way enlightened and out of the dark ages would see that we do not just let kids die. Pick your words better.   


Because they have access to Guns and Shoot each other...   


See again this is just gross misinformation. Guns are not just available to get. You can not just go down the street and get them. People do not just have access to them. You can not just go get a gun. I welcome anyone to try and just go get one. You can't. There rules and laws in place. Evil people will do what evil people will do despite rules and laws. That includes not locking up those fire arms, taking care of them, education for those around them, and supervision of those who use them. You can not say that kids just have access to guns. It is intellectually dishonest and ignorant of reality.
