The shrieking shack podcast recap The Deathly Hallows chapter 17 Bathildas secret.

Mercy upon me I hate this chapter

Recap

=they put on the invisibility cloak and try to leave godrics hollow and try to find bathilda.

=Harrys childhood house is a memorial.

=They meet Bathilda and shes can see through the cloak.

=shes extremely old and frail. And harry feels bad and helps her

=Bathilda has pictures of grindelwald and its...a little odd I wont lie(how grindewald looks in this and in the movies is STARK)

=Hermione is skeevy dont blame her theres so many bad vibes harry should be able to read from this scene.

=Harry follows Bathilda and is very trusting for no reason

=Bathilda does a trick literally so fucking old “LOOK BEHIND YOU”

=Nagini bursts out of Bathila...never explained how.(i mean as in where from...I dont wanna know where it just says burts )

=and they attack and they fight (I low key love what dark or evil fanfic sturn nagini into its really adorable what they do to her. And make her as the sort of big sister of voldemort its just so bizarre and lovely)

=Harry Nagini and Voldemort all see through each others eyes.

=Voldemort is positively incensed they left. And Im going to quote “I have failed and only 2 doors down from the last time I failed” (did you really write that rowling?)

=harry wakes up from the situation and his wand was broken. Harry then realizies the guy from the picture is grindelwald.

Chapter analysis:

=they like this chapter far more than i did. My opinion? This book has broken them and they are praising garbage because its not the boring and frustrating dog shit or confused mess of the past few chapters.

=Xeecee says this book is a glimpse into what he thinks would have made this book very good. 3 pillars are 1: Evil Hogwarts, 2:Heist, 3: Resident evil. Im not sure I follow.

=Xeecee says if this book was better this chapter would be viewed worse...but because its a “good” chapter in a bad book its an island of great..(I am going to disagree with them here This felt like a farce in all the bad ways)

=they like the idea of a creepy corpse lady who was watching them in the graveyard. I felt more like It was a more the sound of Nagini moving in the woods.

=they talk about all this tension in a chapter that to me felt like a bad comedy with no actual tension. And tons of absurd moments with harry ignoring his instincts for no reason as Hermione literally signals alarm bell after alarm bell and honestly I have no idea why harry cant detect them.

=they talk about how much you can swap out harry and hermione for other characters in this and honestly I felt like that was its problem harry and hermione are just blegh they might as well be other characters.

=they talk about how it uses the wizarding world...and I have no idea how. The Talking snakes are somewhat sentient...WE KNOW THEY ARE...they can control bodies?...and????? Thats not weird its a corpse shes very sentient she mostly stumbles around the room like a snake in a corpse.

=Praise for the harry potter memorial that i felt like was more disgusting hero worship to be honest. Godrics Hollow is treated like a holysite where wizards come to pilgrimage and visit the holy site where harry was born...I just...I feel disgusted reading about it.

=Xeecee calls this book bad and confused and has no idea what to do with the characters or what they want. Like its an extension of the authors confusion.

=Xeecee talks about how this chapter has motivations and these motivations arent new and honestly arent really great motivations. He talks about motivation clashing and again it feels like Xeecee is applauding dogshit because its trying and hes tired of the book giving him nothing for 16 straight chapters and will take even still very very bad chapter that just barely works and is semi coherent. To me this feels the same only this time its harry acting very stupid and ignorant of warning signs that even Harry should notice, hermione pointing to the problems. Then harry falls for an extremely obvious trap that I cannot believes hes stupid enough to fall for. And then Voldemort arrives fails to capture curses and screams like a child. Relives the night of the murders which are the only moments approaching okay. And then they flee and it wakes up in the tent and I wish i could have seen Hermione get Harry out.

=”themes Characters, motivations desires” FUCKING WHERE ARE THEY XEECEE? Are you complimenting fucking crumbs because its not the nothing you were getting before?

=”the characters failures feel characterful” How harry falls for a trap that im pretty sure he should see coming, he ignores horrible vibes coming from every thing in this house the smell all of it Harry is just...stupid and oblivious because he needs to be it doesnt feel like he should be.

=they say its one of the few chapters they remember. Its one of the few I do to. And I hate this chapter its harry being an idiot and oblivious gets tricked by a really stupid trick, Voldemorts a joke, and then relives the night of his murders. I just its ony good scene does not save pages of frustration.

=more praise for crumbs thats all I can call this. Its just it gives something and thats apparently time to throw a party not actually give a shit if what it gives is worth of anything.

Rowling has broken these 2 poor souls and are praising literal crumbs as a full loaf of bread I swear to god.
