&gt;White is not a nationality, if it were it wouldn't be arbitrary. No, white has to do with skin tone for which any nationality can belong and the cutoff is entirely arbitrary

We're talking about Americans so no it's not arbitrary. 

&gt;That's false, but also it's not as relevant as their loyalties, which are to their nationalities rather than where they happen to be residing.

Nope! It's true. You not liking it doesn't change that lol. Participation rate in the workforce is higher among immigrants. Not to mention they pay taxes without the benefits that many natural born citizens get. https://www.bls.gov/news.release/forbrn.t01.htm

They also work in very important fields like agriculture, construction, food manufacturing etc. https://www.cbpp.org/research/poverty-and-inequality/immigrants-contribute-greatly-to-us-economy-despite-administrations

https://research.newamericaneconomy.org/report/contributions-of-undocumented-immigrants-by-country/

&gt; they're the people of the nation who are dissatisfied with how things are going. That is exactly who changes nations... The people of that nation.

Again INCREDIBLY arrogant and ignorant of you.

&gt;Yeah, the cartel vs the people ends in the cartel losing. Unless of course, rather than fighting for their country, the people leave.

No it does not. Especially when the American government supports the cartels or corrupt governments in power.. your ignorance on these topics is astounding. 

&gt;"you still think we need heterosexual sex to procreate? We don't."

Glad we agree. Moving on.

&gt;Yeah that's... that's kind of the point I'm making.

It actually wasn't, but if you think that's a point I don't know what to tell you. Nobody ever said everyone is going to be gay and there's no reason to have a problem with lgbt people or couples in the slightest. 

&gt;Uh.... because they don't destroy the church?

I mean they literally bastardize everything jesus taught and push away young people and anyone with a decent college education so yeah they are destroying the church..

That is literally the point of the OP.

&gt;This does bring up a good point though, when there exist no reasonable arguments, all that's left is personal attacks. It would be more dignified and save time to admit defeat.

Sounds like a typical conservative christian. I'm sure you'll get there when you realize you never had any points to make in the first place.
