Although I agree that the description of Mme Swann finishing the book is mind-blowingl by its beauty – I think one couldn't ever get bored with those proustian descriptions, always so abstract and poetic, still somewhat relatable – I don't think the narrator's obsession for Gilberte parallels in any way the madness depicted in Swann In Love. They are both story about extreme, destroying love but both in a different, almost opposite manner. Swann at the time was very well regarded amongst the Parisian – probably even in a wider range – high society. He is successful with women, he almost seems kind of bored with how easy life is to him, how he got everything he need and would, as he thinks, forever get what he desires. A man so confident logically deals with love in a completely different manner than the young adolescent we follow through Madame Swann at Home. Timid, anxious, going through the existential crisis that is symptomatic of his young age, he is frozen by his admiration for Gilberte. As a clever and sensitive boy, he overthinks, over analyses every little insignificant fluctuation occurring throughout their rather mundane and ordinary relationship; he is thus unable to proceed correctly the overwhelming load of information invading his naive mind, too young and unaware of love to respond correctly to the chaos he creates – add to this already complicated situation his introvert nature – his mechanical defense reaction is pure paralysis; trapped alone within his inner turmoil. He hopes for a miracle, that he will one day receive a letter from Gilberte confessing her burning love, as he understands he is nor capable neither willing to actively change the situation. I would admit though that he slowly adapts and learns from the situation; as he tries to escape Gilberte and free his mind from the roaring storm of emotions he gradually descended into, resigned to ever tame this storm, he finally becomes active. There, however, is more ambiguity in this relationship than it would first seem; as the narrator steps back from his love and becomes more lucid about the whole situation, we see some signs that could instill that Gilberte was somewhat interested, signs that the narrator would have never been able to decipher given the inconsistency and intensity of the thoughts and feelings he had been nourishing for now quite some time, totally clouding his perception of the relationship. Back to Swann; based on everything we know of him, such of behaviour would be unlikely. He is clearly active in his relationship with Odette, the impact of his love is much more externalized, ultimately causing an impressive downfall through high society. Another major difference between these two story is jealousy. Jealousy is what fuels Swann's sickness, it almost revolves uniquely around it; we see none of that in Gilberte's story, only frustrated, ever-contemplative obsession.
