This is helpful but its more black and white than that.

For example you can get people that are highly sensitive types, but are nowhere near as trusting as people think.

So just because someone is 'sensitive' in the sense they pick up emotions fast- this doesn't mean they have endless empathy to give out. Or that they're naive and unaware of whats going on.

This is like when men get super cocky thinking their girlfriend hasn't caught them cheating- meanwhile shes already checked out mentally and is on her way out. So by the time they have ended, shes already way over it and he's confused by her lack of compliance. It's all just catching up to him that shes not coming back.

And this is where narcissists often fail with nuanced people- they think because someone has high emotional intelligence, is expressive or has certain beliefs and is vulnerable in some way- they can always 'fool' these people by mirroring them.

For example- they think if a woman has no trouble being herself or outspoken...she must be super naive and trusting. Or if a woman has difficult family members- she will always stay.

Again- this as an assumption the narcissist made. And something that is rarely talked about is HOW MANY blind spots a narcissist has themselves. Not to mention how fragile their ego's are- narcissists are usually extremely easy to trigger and have many weaknesses they believe are 'hidden from view'.

If someone has ample experience dealing with a narcissist they are not going to be that impressed by them which means the narcissist will work overtime and they're not going to pull the wool over their eyes long. In fact- they may get played themselves in the process.

 Because these people are quite often blinded by their own arrogance and don't understand when they've truly overstepped the mark. They are always 'assuming' their prey is going to come back. Again, the arrogance and blind spots. 

The fact she has no trouble being herself- often means she will have no trouble getting rid of him if he starts acting up either.

Highly sensitive types can often use this emotional intelligence against the narc. They're picking up on things than an arrogant narcissist doesn't think they are. Quite often the narc will self sabotage all by themselves. 

Narcissists don't only target sensitive, shy, anxious quiet people- yes they are easier targets for them but its not like they only go for one character profile.

Quite often they get bored of that type and start targeting more confident, stubborn, outspoken people because its more of a 'challenge' for their ego. Also quite often they secretly envy these people. Especially expressive women who aren't afraid of offending somebody. Because they're not afraid to be alone with themselves like the narcissist is.

Most male narcs are always in deficit because they're not settled within themselves- which is why they constantly need new supply. Once you fundamentally understand this and see how weak they are and reliant on the external- you will become the narcs enemy number one. Because a weak person cannot truly hold power over you- if you know that they're weak under the mask.

Narcissists are ego driven and if their prey becomes too easy, that doesn't pump their ego the same, so they go looking for tougher targets. Unfortunately when they lose this supply- it will sting them harder.

They aren't too hurt if they lose 'naive' supply that they view beneath them- but if they lose supply that they knew was intelligent- this reflects failure back on them. That they're perhaps not as smart or cunning as they thought. Which is why they will go to greater lengths to impress and try to keep 'smart' supply.

Narcs like to be seen next to smart, beautiful, successful people most in public as this strokes their ego more. But they also have this internal inflict where they feel small next to them inside, and quite paranoid and anxious themselves. They have a huge fear of being rejected or controlled.

In a way this can make narcissists almost FIXATE on trying to break them down....so they can feel bigger next to them.

However they know when the second type is at full capacity- they won't even get a foot in the door so often they will target the second type when they're not at full capacity or in a great place.

Because that immediately elevates them in terms of power and allows them to temporarily feel 'superior' next to them.
