&gt;Lmao o right posting a link that leads to a document means you supplied a document/ evidence. 

It only means I told you where to find it. The author is who supplied the document.

&gt;Garbage evidence. The composition prove nothing because it utopian and ignorant of economics. 

The composition contradicts your beliefs. That does not mean it is ignorant of anything.

&gt;So no you can't can't make that claim because it bullshit utopian nonsense. 

My claim is that decentralized socialist positions exists. It does not matter if you think it is utopian nonsense. I can say anarcho-capitalism is utopian nonsense. That does not mean positions advocating anarcho-capitalism is nonexistent.

&gt;Economics all disproven socialism in the 20th century cupcake. 

Capitalism was disproved in the 20th century when global capitalism collapsed in 1929. Since then, every developed nation adopted a highly regulated mixed economic model to avoid such a devastating collapse again. You not only fail at English. You also fail at history.

&gt;Since you posted garbage utopian nonsense, you can't even make the claim it decentralized to begin with. 

This is illogical. You think an argument is nonsense, therefore the argument is not the argument is what this sentence implies. You make absolutely no sense.

&gt;The only decentralized system is capitalism. 

Wrong. Existential capitalism is heavily concentrated and centralized. The only decentralized forms of capitalism are ideas not yet put to practice on a macro or global scale.

&gt;Lmao main stream economics is bunch socialist/ keynesian that suck off the state. 

Keynesian economics is a form of regulated capitalism. You claim economics disproves socialism, yet claim that economics is socialist. Do you even think about your argument before typing it?

&gt;Socialism= central planning.

Wrong. A private corporation with a monopoly over its industry does not make the sector socialist just because there is central planning. It would still be capitalism in the form of a monopoly.
