Eula was allowed despite being from a hated family because Varka decided to give her a chance to prove herself as a defender of Mondstadt, and while the Knights do respect her for herself, common people hate her. If something, her "old aristocratic family" would have been a detriment instead of an advantage.

Noelle can't pass the exam because a)she's too much focused on physical strength b)too much obsessed with assisting to the point Jean worries she'll put her life in danger (which she has actually done, and even the Knights rulebook includes a section dedicated to *not give more chores to her*) and c)apparently gets too nervous and chokes at the last minute, which reflects on her performance during the exam.

Klee is probably a Knight (despite not really doing Knightly duties) because of her mom, yes, but also because she's too destructive and unaware of limits because of her age, which means she needs to be constantly watched over. And the influence of Alice is not necessarily for just having friends within the Knights (she does seem to have powerful friends everywhere), but because Alice herself is too much dangerous that Varka probably just allowed Klee in to avoid any kind of conflict with Mrs. "Let's explode some ruins so they seem older".

Albedo may have been also recommended by Alice, but he has proven himself with his abilities.

Jean comes from an old noble family that even during the aristocracy era was more focused in Mondstadt's well-being over the decadence other families indulged in; and yes, her family have been knights for generations, but considering the way her mother trained her I *really* doubt Jean got in because of her family's influence and not because she earned it (and I don't think Varka would have chosen her as his second in mand/potential successor just because of her nobility background; she was chosen likely because of her capability of handling non-combat related tasks that Varka never liked doing).

Diluc only joined the Knights because his father never got to become one, and his advantage was more likely the fact he got a Vision as a child than his family name.

Kaeya got Diluc's former position *after* he was kicked out of the family, and the fact he got it in less than five years speaks of how hard he worked to earn it, more considering he had to adapt himself to a vision in that time.

Basically, background is more a bonus and skill matters most, and the actual advantage is in the hands of those who have a Vision and know how to use it.
