That was the first thing I thought of, too. I was young when ZPG was a thing (for too short a time because, yes, it was bad for business), and by the time I graduated high school "The Pill" was becoming the most effective birth control. I was convinced ZPG was right back then, and even more convinced today that they were correct.

I can also remember a bit later when the US anti-choice people, already horrified by the "red scare" of communism, were doubly horrified with China's one-child policy to the point that if birth control didn't work the government could (allegedly?) force a woman to have an abortion. What the anti-choicers neglected to understand is that if China had not done that there would have been mass starvation because their population was so large to begin with that birth rates left unchecked would have meant not enough land to raise food crops (and other countries were boycotting them and not trading with China as a communist country). The Chinese one-child mandate was abused because girl children were given up for adoption (or, worst case scenario, killed) because males were (are) considered more valuable. It's my understanding that in today's China there are more males than females so they don't have enough females to have wives for all males. In the rest of the world there are usually more females than males in most populations. Not by much (?apparently?), something like 51% females to 49% males, but still more women than men.

In the world of biology it is generally known that male babies aren't as strong or advanced as female babies who usually talk much earlier than male babies, and the male infant mortality rate is higher because they are not as robust at birth. [That info courtesy of my college biology prof who said he envied women for being stronger from the beginning.]

Still, the anti-choice religious freak families (like the reality show family that has/had 19 children) that have children for the sake of having children are going to have to deal with a ZPG practice at some point (and they will howl about infringement on their rights!).

Already some adults are choosing a child-free existence. Back in the early '60s I went to high school with kids whose mothers were in a kind of competition for who could have the most children (biological sisters married to different men - both good Catholic families who did not practice birth control, of course; they were farmers so raised their own food so they could at least feed such large broods even if they were otherwise poor). By the time I graduated I think one sister had 20 living children and the other was pregnant with either the 20th or 21st child.

As much as I deplore the anti-vaxxers who are causing death to others, if not themselves, for refusing to use healthy practices (masks, self-isolation, no vaccinations), I also see COVID as a way to kill off excess people since human beings are the cause of so much pollution. 

The fact that it took less than a week in 2020 for skies to clear over the most polluted cities and polluted waters to become clear (dolphins swimming in Vienna's canals that had clear water for the first time that anyone could remember was the most dramatic) when the whole planet went on mandatory self-isolation should have given us a CLUE that human beings are bad for the planet.

If people went back to living on the land (small farms or having a backyard veggie garden if they have a small lot in the city) and raising their own food, we'd be more in balance with nature. City kids who get their food in stores don't have a clue about doing something so simple as raising a veggie garden (with only manure as the fertilizer so the big ag fertilizers don't need to pollute the earth and water and ground water with their chemicals and GMO seeds; another plant fertilizer for flowers is soaking egg shells in water and the water is used as a fertilizer - or so a friend of mine swore, and she had luscious house plants and summer flowers outdoors).

The whole point is that most people couldn't survive if they had to grow their own food, nor could they put a roof over their head by building their own home and keeping it in good repair, let alone a barn structure and/or care for cows, pigs, and chickens, then preparing some of them for winter food if they had a freezer or had to can both veggies and meats to preserve for winter food, nor would they know how to raise grains for bread for themselves and hay and grain to feed animals over the winter.

Besides a lack of good schools in the US, kids are raised to be hopelessly inadequate and ignorant of any means of self-preservation, let alone how to care for the planet, other life forms on the planet, and how to keep themselves, let alone a spouse and children, fed, clothed, and housed. People who are multi-talented in how to take care of themselves and their families are distinctly lacking in numbers nowadays. People used to KNOW things from childhood forward when they lived on the land and families were self-sufficient contained units (and even had time to care about their neighbors). Now? Not so much.
