Wasn’t standard oil a natural monopoly that needed to be broken up? And you do know the difference between a public and private monopoly correct? Public monopolies aren’t always bad, Nebraska has a public monopoly on utilities and it is very popular.

Because of the tyrannical hand of the government landlords have to provide safe living spaces for tenets. Before that living conditions were often very poor and landlords were greedy and had no obligation to its tenets. There were thousands of landlords and why didn’t they improve? Just because there is competition doesn’t mean that there will be incentive to improve. When did I say force people to have you as a tenet? This is a red herring that doesn’t make any sense. As for the “good ideas” thing wasn’t outlawing slavery considered force or not because we forced slaveowners to give up their slaves? Was the American Revolution not forced on the loyalists into a system they did not consent to? This “forcing of a system on someone” is just silly and ignorant of human history.

It absolutely speaks to reality. The strong will act in their self interests and harm the weak. We are seeing this today and in history with neocolonialism, neoliberalism, etc.

I never said entrepreneurship was irrelevant Im saying it doesn’t drive society and ingenuity. Capitalists are concerned about the bottom line and that’s profit. They will not fund the risky science into technology development so they usually get grants and hire government scientists to do it for them. At the end of the day it is good fiscal and monetary policy.

Market socialism is best because of two reasons: 1) the market economy actually has lots of benefits such as giving people the ability to work for their pay. 2) socialism will expand democracy to the economy in ways that has never taken place under capitalism. Worker cooperatives will be the centerpiece of this and I can explain how they work.

I will not address authoritarianism as it is a bad faith argument. And no socialism and authoritarianism are not the same thing.
