I wouldn't tell them "they should know better", and I never said that I'd ever say that to a victim. I would simply be sad that they didn't protect themselves instead of putting themselves in a dangerous situation that increased the probability of them getting abused.

"If you tell women to not get out of the house, because you "want" them to be safe, it's still a completely shitty thing to do even if your intent is to protect them."

I wouldn't tell them not to get out of the house, I would just tell them not to put themselves into contexts or places that are particularly dangerous, just like you teach people to check both sides before crossing the road.

' "We should prevent women from going to places where there are rapists" isn't nice and it's catering to the rapists." '

No, that's just wrong, plain and simple. Taking the chance to rape away from rapists is objectively the exact OPPOSITE of catering to rapists, literally by definition.

"You should have known better than to be in the path of a rapist"

Your choice of words is incredibly stupid at best and incredibly dishonest and nasty at worst. "To be in the path of a rapist" makes it sound like I'm saying rapists have a right to rape anyone who is naive enough to not be alert when it comes to protecting themselves. Of course they don't. Doesn't change the fact that women have to be alert, we all know that unfortunately rapists still exist.

Recognizing that someone who is wronged can, out of ignorance or naivety, have done something unwise that facilitated a certain outcome is not the same as "blaming" them. "Blame" is a loaded word with connotations that we tend to associate with moral condemnation. The only person who should be morally condemned is the rapist, because he is the only one who acted immorally, so "blame" should only be directed at him.However, the victim can be unwise and ignorant of certain dangers, and all I'm saying is that everyone should be taught to protect themselves so that they are careful with who they trust and what situations they put themselves into because the world is an ugly place and horrible shit happens to people who do not deserve it, especially if they are not careful enough to avoid danger.
