Great points. I have some minor additions/comments to make though 

&gt;Well, that's the thing.  Look at Abby before she killed Joel: she was the same way.  The writers did a brilliant job showing the parallels of their journeys throughout the game, by showing us Ellie as she descended into revenge and Abby as she clawed her way back out from those same depths.  They really are 2 sides of the same coin.

While their character progression is the same, I think the similarities end there. The similarities are just they both lost their father and seek revenge. The 2 sides of the coin is more fitting for Joel and Abby than it is Abby and Ellie.  

&gt;She fell into the same pattern of stopping at nothing to kill Abby, sacrificing her friendships and family in the same was as Abby did before killing Joel.  

I think it’s important to mention though that at the farm, Ellie absolutely did not want to leave. She was so broken by Abby that she didn’t know what else to do to get better. She wanted to live with her family and she was definitely over revenge. She left out of desperation to get better because she was dying and staying would’ve been suicide. So her motivation was self-preservation and even her family, but not for revenge. This is what Halley Gross, the co-writer and the person who included the whole PTSD bit even says:

"To my mind, when she’s leaving the farm it almost isn’t about Abby at that point so much as it’s about “I literally cannot survive if I don’t try and handle what’s going on because this PTSD is just getting worse, I’m losing control, I feel like I’m at risk to my family, and I have to hope that there’s an answer on the other side because I don’t know how to live with this. If I stay here it’s suicide.” It’s more a conversation about mental health and surviving than it is justice for Abby or even seeking Joel. It’s just like “I don’t know how to be a person anymore.”

I think they did a very poor job in properly showing Ellie’s motivations in why she left. This is so often misunderstood that she left her family for revenge. She left to kill Abby but not for revenge, she just wanted the pain to stop. It’s been 2 years and she’s been getting worse and didn’t know what else to do. 

&gt;And by the end, she was left with a choice.  Kill Abby in front of Lev, as Abby killed Joel in front of Ellie, and continue the cycle yet again.  Or put a stop to it once and for all, sparing Lev what both she and Abby suffered previously.  And let's face it, Lev already suffered enough by this point.  This is one reason why I truly don't understand people still wanting to kill Abby at the end.  Enough is enough.

Lev was practically unconscious and unaware of his surroundings. I think if Ellie killed Abby, the cycle still would have ended there, because she would’ve indirectly killed Lev. He wouldn’t have made it off the island alive. By letting abby go he also gave Lev his chance at life. 

And all being said, it was a very powerful choice by Ellie that I think many overlook.
