If I can just take a moment to gush about why I love this game for not just the gameplay but also its story.

Tales of the Rays has an amazing premise that's definitely worth experiencing via translation, it however requires at least some knowledge of every Tales game lore, as it delves into spoilers and everything is important and relevant. It's sorta gatekeepy to spoil everything in every game in the series, but that also lets it tell its story with no holds barred.

Unlike all other Tales crossover games which excuse their crossovers with "its not canon, don't worry about it", an amazing reason that other crossover games should utilize more often, Rays is the sole exception that can be canon without affecting the canon of any other game. Instead of taking place in an alternate noncanon reality, Rays instead takes place in a world called Tir Na Nog that uses cloning technology known as exoflection, capable of copying other worlds' entire continents at a time, with the targeted worlds being completely unaffected and unaware of the process. Thus, the characters from all the Tales games are brought to this world as clones, with memories of their original selves, but now made to live the rest of their lives in this world. It's a great excuse for crossing over all the Tales characters, as well as other properties like Guilty Gear here. Exoflection also has a process known as encoding, which converts their origin world's physics to this world's for the clones, so bodies made of something like fonons or mana are now made of atoms and molecules or chiral particles. Neat way to make everything compatible.

Exoflection is a great plot device as it isn't just an excuse to cross over, but its important to the story itself. Since everyone retains their memories, their motivations and goals are challenged by this twist to their lives, and entire reasons for conflict and alliances are made irrelevant instantly. Different relationships and conflicts arise from characters from their own world as well as between those from others as a result. The God Generals from Abyss for example have no reason to stay together, and have gone their separate ways, even fighting each other. While Yuri became a big brother figure to Luke. Not to mention being separated from those at home who weren't exoflected with them all without consent is something not everyone is willing to forgive. Their point of exoflection can differ as well. Different characters from Destiny for example were exoflected before and after a certain character's betrayal and death. Velvet from Berseria was exoflected twice, from her early game villainous revenge driven self to her end game chilled out more reasonable self. Older Velvet allied with Sorey and killed her younger self, as she was beyond salvation and reason. Kyle has revealed that he's Stahn and Rutee's son, as they're they're younger selves from Destiny 1, this information hits different. Obviously having no memories of him, their relationship is like that of long lost family only just meeting. Friendly but not as close as growing up together. Stahn lets him call him Dad, while Rutee is still processing it and is uncomfortable with being called Mom.

While being quite serious it's also the ultimate fanservice, commonly giving a happy ending to otherwise tragic stories. Characters that died are of course exoflected while they're alive and get to stay alive. Antagonists who were unable to be saved have now become friends. Like Mithos, who only ever wanted to he reunited with Martel, now has that. Martel also keeps him grounded and sane, he has since made amends with Lloyd co., as well as Yuan and Kratos. Yuan and Martel even finally got to marry. This is all still only taking with cloned characters, as their original selves in their original games still go through what they go through. But it's nice to have a canon universe where at least some other versions of them get the happy ending we wanted. Having pretty much every character from every game, the setting has only gotten more and more convoluted and harder to digest, with so many different factions. But I'm super invested.
