I think Subaru would summon Arturia or Okita.

Arturia seems to be quite appropriate for Subaru in terms of the basis of their personality, in a broad perspective, they seek to save people and see themselves as a valid sacrifice if it achieves the safety of others. To the point that they can see themselves as tools (and Subaru touched on that mentality a lot in Arc 4, due to their power).

Okita is a more complicated issue, but it's more of an interesting choice. She is known for having two sides; that of a cold-blooded killer and that of a person with a lot of affinity for children. Her last wish in life (and which she fulfills just by participating in the Holy Grail fights) was and is to "fight to the bitter end", that is, to fight alongside a person until they are inevitably outmatched (how appropriate) and die. 

I chose Okita in particular because the interesting thing is in her approach with danger: she's *very* overprotective, like, *quite*. The other Servants may care about their Masters, but Okita, at least the vast majority of the time, relates on a very personal level to people, especially those she's supposed to protect. In Fate:Redline the first thing she did after being summoned (when the fight was over) was to grab her Master by the cheeks and talk to him as if he was a child (I think the MC was 17 or 18), so you can imagine how she would interact with Subaru, who radiates childishness everywhere. 

But to the topic, back to what she's overprotective about: her approach with danger is very direct and ignorant of the mood (again, how appropriate), if she considers something a threat to her Master, she won't hesitate to kill or put her sword to the target person's neck (usually more the former than the latter unless instructed otherwise). Even if he was initially friendly with that person.

This character in the world of Re:Zero would simply be very difficult to contain, I mean, for example; Rem's initial hostility would be almost enough to justify killing him should he step slightly out of line. 

Yes Subaru acts like a jerk in the Royal Selection, Julius will have it pretty bad too; from Okita's perspective, even if she doesn't see Subaru's behavior right, she'll let it go because, well, she sees him as just a kid. And watching Julius beat Subaru for her will be like watching a respectable gentleman, in a position of power, beating a child, something she'll intervene in even if Julius just wanted to help Subaru and even if Subaru chose to accept that duel (something she'll probably understand and at least make Juli not end up decapitated all at once during the fight).
