I don’t care what your country did. There is no political movement to have a coordinated response to this which is precisely what this would *have* to be, which is almost a guarantee what your country did. It isn’t done by individuals. It’s implemented by states. And we cannot make our state do the most basic necessities that we want. We won’t be able to force it to do something that obviously isn’t a problem for most people since in the sectors where it matters, we already use metric. 

And our leadership boasts about this 24/7. Not most Americans. I suppose you’re ignoring the fact that mass amounts of Americans are disenfranchised from an awful voting system, in the most incarcerated country on the planet per capita that coincidentally removes voting rights from felons, deliberately makes every other citizen’s votes count differing amounts, and even then only *half* of our voting eligible population bothers voting in our biggest election because, as they will openly tell you, they know it won’t influence their lives because both parties refuse to implement any policies that help people. 

Did you happen to leave out the part that the biggest pressure on our governing party, the one that holds both halves of the legislative branch as well as the executive branch, is to pass voting rights legislation? Because all around our country republicans are passing voter suppression laws and our Dem party cannot muster the courage to seek anything but “bipartisanship” in the face of it. And that singular failure to pass voting rights legislation could cost them power for decades. 

So you saying every single American doesn’t know our democracy is failing us and we *all* aren’t aware that we are the global empire that uses “democracy” and fake concerns about “human rights” to further our imperial goals while leaving our own population to rot is so moronic and unaware of the frustrations most Americans actually feel. 

Everything you’re saying is stuff so many Americans are aware of. Our two parties are wildly pro corporation and have destroyed our labor movement for decades. There are efforts to build labor power here and it’s incredibly difficult. 

We don’t have social safety nets to protect us here and many states by law can straight up ignore labor unions. It’s wildly hard to build a labor movement out of that and that is the *only* form of “force” our people can have. 

What’s the alternative? Protests or riots? You mean like the ones that consumed our country for all of last summer and literally were met by constant violence from our police, propaganda by the news, and both parties scoff still today at the idea of *any* accountability for our police? Our police were what people were protesting. Of course our protests were met with massive violence. 

Change takes a ton of work. And we’re the global empire that has set most countries back for the last century. We’re at the heart of propaganda and corporate power and democracy is massively limited and labor power has been aggressively chipped away at. 

It’s not an easy solution. Even straight left wing countries around the world have been toppled and their populations have become reactionary after decades of propaganda. It’s not some simple thing to overcome and you act like every American just straight up wants this for ourselves. Of course if we externally do this to other nations then we can implement it internally. We had one of the most violent labor histories in the planet and had a militant labor movement early 20th century. Post war era half of our country was organized. You think we lost that by pure accident and by complete chance? You think if your people weren’t under the same historical conditions, the same wouldn’t have happened? Especially since most younger Americans weren’t alive when this was the spirit of the age that did this to us. 

Blaming every single American for a system most of us suffer from and openly know is bad is idiotic. Especially when *one comment ago* your own comment was pretending we could just will the metric system into existence. Weird flip flop on that opinion. 

Also, that was your remark because you’re still pretending that *you* chose the metric system because you thought it was smart which you know is objectively false. You use it because you were told to and made sense of it after the fact. Like everyone else does.
