&gt;How's that for specific?

Its actually a very generalized statement. Youre assuming that from the people youve seen that everyone is just looking for a handout. Thats generalizing, and im gonna bet you dont actually know enough info about enough peoples lifes that you can make an accurate assumption. I doubt you know more than you can count on your hand and i doubt you know everything about those peoples lifes who you do know.

&gt; My favorite is the video of this guy explaining that he can't get money owed to him from UI and that he was fine till the government shut down his job and made him a dependent.

um, sorry but come again? I think im interpreting this incorrectly but youre saying a video of a guy who said he was fine until he lost his job and couldnt get the UI owed to him?

I mean if thats exactly what you meant; thats typically what happens when someone loses a job, no? If you need $X per hour to pay the bills and the only available jobs pay $1/2(X) then of course people are going to be stuck and need assistance or become homeless. If they were to take $1/2(X) job, then theyre spending the same hours of their life as the $X job, except now they cant afford bills because the $X was already the absolute lowest their boss was able to give them. 

I'm sure youre already aware that wages haven't kept up with inflation over the years so now minimum wage has people living paycheck to paycheck. What do you think happens if theyre out of a job for even just a week? Now they need to come up with ~$400 more. This isnt just for people at minimum wage but everyone as minimum wage is the bar to gauge how well 'better' jobs pay too. Now what if, due to corona and the fact that having a lot of part time employees costs less than a few full time, this person isn't able to get the same $X and same 40 hrs? Its very likely if theyre stuck looking for a job that pays more than minimum wage and is full time, the will be looking for work longer than a week. Bills dont just disappear in this time.

tldr; to assume that if someone needs money it means they are lazy is extremely classist and ignorant of why that is classist. 

&amp;nbsp;

You've clearly had a silver spoon your whole life if you can't even fathom how losing a job is far more a burden than a blessing.
