I don't know why I'm not seeing the right answer here. Oh that's right because we are socially incompetent.

You have changed from not masturbating. Pay attention to how people respond to your presence after you've masturbated vs when you haven't in a good while. Look how people respond to your presence when you don't think about sex or porn or haven't self sexed in a while.

I said this before. Interactions will become more polar. Women are on different points of their cycle. Women are on birth control. Women are in relationships or have children. Some women drawn to the energy you are projecting because they know, or they don't, they are reacting to nature. Some are repulsed because it's not what their bodies or minds want. Every notice how women love impotent older men. They're cute and comfortable. You are not one of them. You are virile and dangerous. It repulses them. Except for a few. The few who are in the right state. They will be entering your frame whether they know it or not. They may be disgusted by you but really feeling the draw to the beast. Some may actually not like you lol or are in a relationship or have kids or post period or on birth control though like I said.

You're giving off energy. It is new to you. It is unrealized and untamed. It needs to be brought into awareness and honed and refined. Right now you're slinging that shit out everywhere, even to family, and it's bugging them. Learn to hide your power like ol Goku. A high sex energy but lack of focus is a man who doesn't fuck good and they know it. A high sex energy but unaware and uncontrolled or without respect to the other party is rape energy.

A man who meshes his energy well with women and  who can focus it not only fucks well (and doesn't rape), but is a success in life which is essential for woman's survival, which is ultimately what she looks for in a man.

Think of the teenager with all those hormones but lack of awareness or refinement or control, lack of compassion communication, empathy toward a woman. He is a brute, and they are repulsed.

A man who is unapologetically male, which means is not ashamed of what he is but isn't harming others, is repulsive to many women because they aim to control and eventually emasculate and destroy. Good they don't like you, they suck anyways.

This energy affects men, too. You need to respect their energies and mesh well as men (not buddy buddy but respect), lest they be triggered by your intrusion on them with your wild unrestrained energy. A man like that gives messes it up for the rest of us by affecting the women and it can be construed as trying to get their girl.

Side note: if you're jacking it, or thinking about jacking it, or looking at porn, or thinking about sex, they know. It will be written all over you. You're not fooling anyone. They know you just did some weird shit. They sense you shame you may not even be aware of and your depleted sharpness. Your mother knows you play with your Weiner in your room looking at loli video game characters. Your dad is twice your age and more alpha because he doesn't do that.

If people don't like the new you, and you're doing everything right, it's because they don't like change or they have worked to emasculate you and you're fighting back. Also, this is a natural process. You're not undermining nature anymore but jerkin it. The distaste from family means that nature is removing you from the roost to go and build yourself as a man in the world and find a woman.

There is a plane of reality that isn't talked about. It is the mammilian nature of human. We are not much different than other mammals at our core, no matter what society says. Is many women are repulsed by you and you are around women like family a lot, it's because you need to leave. You are a rouge male now and you need to leave. You'll find yourself in a strange land after many trials and gaining wisdom and experience and being ejected from all of them, character assassinated and smear campaigned, destroyed in every way until reduced to a raw wise male and it is in this strange land with women of different genetics you will be seen as prime mating material.
