&gt;Is there a biblical explanation for that phenomenon?

I think there is. 

You are given a body. And you're given a spirit. In fact a very accurate description of us humans would be to call us human spiritual beings.

Your body comes with some very fundamental natural desires. And the over arching desire that rules over everything, is your body's desire to make sure that it does not die. There's a part of your body called the amygdala this actually in charge of this. That be what it may, how your body makes sure that it does not die is something that you can see in the life of every individual you've ever met including yourself. And it looks something like this...

When you're a toddler you start to figure out that it is good to feel good. And it is bad to feel bad.

As a young teenager you start to figure out that it is good to look good. And it is bad to look bad. It's even good to associate yourself with things that look good. And bad to associate yourself with things that look bad.

Finally at the young adult you start to figure out that it is good to be wise and aware. And it is bad to be unwise and unaware. And you'll spend the rest of your life trying to figure that one out. Constantly making adjustments as you going through life and learning as you go.

This entire process is covered very well by a passage in Scripture...

1John 2:16 For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh and the lust of the eyes and the boastful pride of life, is not from the Father, but is from the world.

To understand the word lust in this context, the word less simply means very strong desire. It doesn't mean just sexual desire. But sexual desires would obviously be included.

Now in order for me to explain the rest of the phenomenon that you're asking about, I need to explain this next part to you.

Your spirit comes with a desire of its own. It's built in. Just like your body develops it's survival strategy. Your spirit comes with a natural desire to live. And it looks something like this...

If you look inside anybody you've ever met, including yourself, you will see that everybody has a huge desire to experience freedom. Specifically, everybody has a huge desire to experience the freedom to cause and create things. Even more specifically, everybody has a huge desire to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and themselves.

Now I think those wonderful things are actually summed up very nicely in the experience of love, joy and peace. I think these three things would be the title heads for everything else that could be enjoyed in life. Love being the supreme top. Joy and peace being right under that. And everything else that makes life worth living. Everything else that makes life enjoyable would fall underneath these three categories.

So back to the phenomenon...

It turns out that your body requires a past in order to be able to do its thing effectively. You cannot remain alive in a body if you have learned nothing by the time you got to whatever age you're at. In fact if you look at a baby's life, who doesn't enjoy a past, a baby can do nothing for itself. It is completely dependent on the wisdom of everybody else to sustain its life.

But by the time you're 22 years old, shoot, you got this thing almost completely figured out. You know that if you see a car coming down the road, that you're not supposed to step out in front of it. You know that if you jump out of a moving airplane without a parachute, it's going to kill you. Well, assuming that you're high enough off the ground but you shouldn't be jumping out of the thing in the first place.

Every bit of wisdom that it takes to stay alive is based on past moments. The education you got. The decisions you made. But most importantly, the opinions, the conclusions and the declarations you made in the past, contribute to who you are here in this current moment we call the present.

Now we're going to contrast this past-based survival technique and strategy, with what the spirit desires so that you can enjoy your life. And the life I'm talking about is a life that is completely different and above, mirror survival.

In order to experience the freedom to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for others in yourself... You need to know that you can do this in the future. If you know you can do this in the future, it gives you the ability to enjoy this in the present moment.

One of the reasons people get depressed and only get present to the horribness of life, is because they don't see anything possible in the future that's worth living into. So even though they're just sitting there, they're depressed.

If however there's a glimmer of hope, if they see that there's something to live for, and here's the really big point, if they see that there is something in the future that is calling to them, a future that they want to walk into... Then the depression subsides. And though they're only sitting there, they can enjoy life again.

So your spirit is always looking into the future. Your body is always looking into past.

All your past regrets and cringe-worthy moments, that's all about your body trying to figure out what it could have done different so that it didn't have to suffer through, the pain of feeling bad, looking bad, or being considered unwise and unaware. Your body knows that if it's feeling any of these things, then the risk of death is getting too high.

Your body is only happy when it feels good, when it thinks it looks good, and when it thinks it's wise enough and aware enough to continue on.

So this phenomenon is brought to you by your body. It is the mechanism that keeps your body alive. So you don't want to make it wrong. But you also don't have to listen to it. You might want to gain the wisdom of not doing things that cause regrets. And not doing things that are absolutely worthy of being cringe-worthy moments. You want to figure that out. But feeling bad about it, is unnecessary to learning the lesson.

Just to drive quick contrast. When you were learning how to walk, you never internalize the pain and The agony and the misery of failing time and time again every time you fell. You might have cried some tears. But you didn't go through the emotional pain and suffering that comes later in life.

I don't know if you learned how to ride a bicycle or learn how to skateboard, but there's an awful lot of body damage that can go on during this learning process. And you might get mad. You might cry. And you might have to go get some help on some of the wounds. But I've never heard anybody talk about the trauma that they suffered from learning how to ride a bike. And no self-respecting skateboarder would ever complain about their injuries. After all, they are trophies to be celebrated. Not scars.

One of the reasons that Jesus provided forgiveness to us is so that we can let go of the pain and the suffering we put ourselves through when we look at our past.

One of the things that Jesus provided for us was the ability to walk in freedom. I'm going to tell you which verse it is cuz most people don't know about it...

Galatians 5:1 It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, then, and do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery.

See? God said it's free so that we can have freedom. And notice with the last half of this passage says. Don't let yourself get burdened by the yolk of slavery. That's talking about sin that leads to regret in cringe worthy moments.

One of the best understandings of sin is this...

Sin is anything that can steal, kill and destroy your ability to experience the freedom to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for others and yourself.

All sin is based in the past. All faith is based in the future. All hope is based in the future. All of everything that makes life worth living, is based in the future. And when you know that that's what your future holds, you can sit in your present moment and absolutely enjoy just sitting there. Absolutely free from every care and concern. Absolutely free to enjoy the presence of God. Absolutely free to sit there and be still.
