the Edgewood Arsenal Deliriants. if you know a lot about psychopharmacology, the word "deliriant" is enough on it's own to make you sick. deliriants are a class of hallucinogen that produce horrifying, nightmarish hallucinations that are indistinguishable from reality itself. they also cause one to feel very feverish and unaware of the world around them. they work by inhibiting acetylcholine, the neurotransmitter used for memory, as well as a lot of other things that are pretty vital for having a functioning brain. deliriants are fucking horrifying chemicals that have almost no purpose for being taken in doses that cause these effects. some compounds that have deliriant effects have legitimate purposes, such as Benadryl (diphenhydramine), which has deliriant effect in doses above 500mg. a normal dose is 25mg. anyone who has taken a dose of Benadryl that high can confirm how absolutely wretched deliriant intoxication can be.  


now, the Edgewood Arsenal Deliriants are a culmination of every human person's worst fucking nightmares. firstly, they were developed as bioweapons. secondly, they have active doses in the low microgram range, meaning you can consume a dose without even being able to see it with the naked eye. secondly, they have a horrifyingly long duration of action. how long is "horrifyingly long"?  some of them last two days or so, which alone is an extremely long amount of time for any psychoactive compound to last. however, one of which has a duration of action of FIVE TO TEN ENTIRE FUCKING DAYS. the compound with this insane duration of action is known as EA-3167.  


here's a quote from [an article](https://nervewing.blogspot.com/2020/06/obscure-and-unknown-deliriants-of.html) about these compounds, "The extreme power of this compound brought attention from keen eyes, with some in the military noting that its effects could be given topically, even through a handshake perhaps5. Weaponization and further studies of this compound were  eventually abandoned- perhaps because even for the boundless cruelty of the U.S. Military it was too extreme, but also because conducting human studies for such extended periods of time put strain on available study resources."  


from my personal experience with psychoactive substances, deliriants are fucking horrifying. even being under the influence of one for 2 or 3 hours is a horrific experience that no one should ever be subjected to. the fact that there are compounds that exist that last for times as long as 240 hours is fucking insane, and it's even more terrifying that the government had developed these for the purpose of being biological weapons. the cruelty of the existence of these compounds is beyond words, and the fact that there were UNWILLING EXPERIMENTS DONE TO PEOPLE USING THESE COMPOUNDS is even scarier. i do not think any other single man-made thing will come close to the abominations that are the Edgewood Arsenal Deliriants, and specifically, EA-3167 stands above the rest as the unrivaled king of manmade horrors.
