That's why narcissism is awful for everyone involved, including the narcissist. They are actually trying to gaslight you and you are fighting against it and it "feels" like gaslighting. What end up happening and why they consider your words is that, internally, they're thinking "shit, that is what they said and I have no idea how to handle this". They may be doing it totally unconsciously and it's more than likely habits they've picked up from their family and the way they were raised. If they have a good heart, it would mostly be shown by trying to predict what other's needs are before they're communicated. It is inherrently a breakdown of communication and they'll warp and twist their own memories to reconcile their own feelings when things don't go exactly their way or they made a mistake. No one thinks they're the bad guy. This will also hinder their growth because you can't learn from your mistakes if you never thinks you make any.

One important thing to note is that these are lies. There is an old story about the truth taking a bath and leaves her clothes on the ground. Lie comes up and steals the clothes, wears them and pretends to be the truth, until the naked truth (which is where that idiom comes from) comes up and beats the shit out of Lie. The story is meant to show that the worst lie isn't just something that says it's the truth, but actually is wearing her clothes as well - it has properties of the truth. What he is doing IS lying in its most insidious form because it's so close to the truth it seems harmless, but as he believes it himself is why it's so bad - he'll use his lies over the truth as leverage. What's worse is that he'll use it against you and try to manipulate you using these false truths that he believes. This is actual gaslighting. He also may be totally powerless and unaware of it or why it's bad.

Narcissism is not something that someone just picks up one day and goes "oh boy, I can't wait to be an asshole!" It's a pattern of behaviors that give rise to a really shitty personality. The mental gymnastics require some massive brainpower as well, so these people are typically smarter and more successful as they weasel through negative consequences through manipulation and cleverness. They'll be fantastic storytellers, be the center of attention and will be adored when they're place on a pedestal. The sad part is that they can still be all of that, but they truly NEED it in order to keep the hollow shell they've built around themselves reinforced. Narcissists are the best people in the world to hang out with when they're in their element. They're super fun. However, the second you try to correct them or challenge then they will get really, really nasty and the worst ones will pull out every psychological trick in the book without knowing their doing it. 

I would highly recommend you approach your friend about these personality quirks and make them aware of it. It'll just get worse over time as they won't actually do anything with their life and just aggrandize stories of the most minimal efforts they do. They worked out a few times and so they're an expert body builder. They'll got in a fight so they're a martial artist. They did well on a project at work so they're the best ever and they're untouchable. It will bite them in the ass one day when someone calls them out on their shit. 

If they ignore you or don't see it as a problem, for your own sake you should start distancing yourself from them - they're a time bomb.
