This is such a cute and wholesome post, thanks for putting a smile on my face with it :)

1. I was way too shy, nervous and unaware of my attachment style (how it held me back) when I was in high school to ask many girls out. Alcohol helped a lot, but it's not something I'd recommend. Having age and hindsight on my side, the direct method is often the best: "Do you want to check out (whatever) together?" or something alone those lines. My most recent ex asked me "Do you want to go out?" and my head went fuzzy - I loved the directness and unambiguity of it. My first Tinder date after that relationship, I was kinda proud at my smoothness: "I'm a bit new in town, so if you can find a place with decent cold brew, it'll be my treat."
2. How to go from friends of a friend to friends? "Isolate" the friend you're looking to make by saying something like, "You popped out of our group because you're really into (whatever) and so am I! I don't know as much about (whatever) as you do - let's go check out (event/whatever)." (I had to put "isolate" in quote marks because it has a bit of a negative connotation to it in relationships, but I meant it in the positive sense).
3. Fortunately, I didn't have homophobic straight girls in the locker room at high school, so I'll do my best guess at extrapolating homophobic straight girls' comments in other situations: directly call them out on it by saying something like, "Why did you say that? That's not cool" or "It's a locker room. We're getting changed. That's what locker rooms are for, and if you think anyone's doing anything more than that, I'd have to wonder why it's so front-of-mind for YOU." Homophobic comments tend to make people uncomfortable, so put the spotlight back on her by calling her out on her shitty comments.
4. High school sucked. I was lucky to have a few friends, but for the most part, I felt like I didn't fit in. I felt awkward and had trouble relating to others, partly because of my sexuality but mostly because high school sucks and kids can be ruthless and mean. I was just biding my time until I got out. University was a LOT better and I finally felt like I was more accepted for who I was. And there were a LOT more people to talk to.
5. lol no, I didn't find my English teachers hot. My music teacher was kinda cute, but I didn't have a crush on her or anything.
