Yes, but I also think it depends on what's considered it, having to manage every aspect of life as an individual supplies in many ways - that in no way translates to _all_ versions of maturity, but there's no denying that it has some involved. Being fully independent can't change being young and ignorant of a lot of the world though, especially socially, in a way that leaves some vulnerability because it nothing can build that besides time and experience. I don't think I'd consider myself rare, I had many more distant friends who also weren't in college but instead were working multiple jobs and no longer living at home - we were both in "mature" situations but we still shouldn't have been considered on the plane of 30+ year old adults or anything like that given there's so much at play.

And that's where it gets in weird zones of what line exactly should be drawn like people are debating here. Personally even if I was mature in some ways I do not think it would have been good for me to be dating someone older, nor do I think it is in general. I agree it should be very discouraged for such an age gap with young adults but disagree it should go so far as to being "disallowed", but I can see the argument from certain angles. This is also different than what I'm arguing about considering young adults as children vs. adult, which I'm realizing I should have clarified way earlier whoops - 12 and 17 are both children yet explicitly illegal for a reason, 18 and 17 are adult/child (or wherever you draw that line there's always the border years) yet allowed, 20 is an adult yet still restricted from things based on age, a category containing two adults doesn't mean it has to be a free\-for\-all. In general I don't think it's good to go down the path of denying autonomy to people who live fully independent, besides philosophical stuff there's no denying they'll still do it but instead get more barriers and stigma preventing them from reaching out for help if they need it, but I also get the feeling behind blocking it.

Also I'm sorry that happened to you, that's a horrible experience and age gap to have dealt with.
