Alright, four quick points.

One: yes, last year's protests were against police brutality and racism in law enforcement the criminal justice system.

Two: just because something else kills more people doesn't mean that other causes of death aren't a serious problem or threat. Saying that people are "guilty of deflecting or being stubborn" for focusing on racism in policing and excessive use of force that's disproportionately used against minorities while other problems exist too doesn't make any sense. By your logic, it's ridiculous and ignorant of us to put any time, money or effort into cancer research because heart disease kills more Americans than cancer. It just doesn't work that way. 

Three, there's a huge difference between inter-personal crime and state-sanctioned violence. Police officers represent the government and act in its official capacity. More so than just about anyone else, they should be treating people equally in the face of the law. There's no legitimate way of fighting back or defending yourself against an officer. Even if your actions are justifiable, they will not immediately be perceived as such. It's absurd of you to pretend that people are being dishonest because they're more vocal about *literal representatives of the state* being racist and disproportionately (or fatally) violent / abusive / aggressive against minorities than they are about gangbangers shooting each other. Surely you understand the difference between unraveling the intricate net of huge socioeconomic and cultural issues circumstances that fuel inner city violence on the one hand, and racist cops being all too eager to arrest and harm people of color?

Four, you really shouldn't be using sources from 1983 when more recent research available, but I'm actually glad that you picked this source. Because the abstract of the study literally states that "a criminal justice system which places higher value on a white life than on a Black life" is a direct contributor to why black people are more likely to become a "homicide statistic" - **which is literally what these protests are all about**. Your own source beautifully shows that the racism and brutality they're rallying against is a key part of why black-on-black violence is such a problem to begin with.

So no, I don't agree that liberals are guilty of deflection or dishonesty here.
