I'm a Preacher Kid you don't really get a choice in your religion. Much like she probably didn't get one for her religion. The beatings shall commence until you memorize this passage. I wouldn't exactly call that a chosen faith. lol  


You feel free to go and marry a divorce person, it's no skin off my back. You are the only one that has to live with your own life decisions.  
In fact I would be extremely happy if you did, because then it's one less of them in the dating pool.

  
You are free to think of me whatever you wish, it makes zero difference to me. Just as anyone else who I don't know on a one to one basis opinion does. And even the ones I do know personally I rarely give a crap what they think either. It's an earned right for your opinion to mean anything to me.  


Allowing random peoples opinion's to sway you after all is how you get caught up losing yourself and living a life you'll regret.  


And my post had nothing to do with giving her crap, I was simply offering her other perspectives, I thought that was the point to asking questions like this to strangers so that you could gather various perspectives and opinion's on the matter. You know that whole informed decisions thing.  


The most harmful thing you can do to another person as an INFJ is keep them in the dark and unaware of all of the possibilities. Especially if you know for a fact that they exist. It's why I stopped coddling people personally. Or did this world become perfect well I slept last night and I am simply unaware that we all get whatever we want and dream of with no suffering or sacrifice involved?  
Can you guarantee that if she leaves her husband that her future will go the way she wants? The possibility exist certainly. But does not the other option for pain and suffering exist as well? I'm just attempting to keep it level and her eye's open to all of the possibilities.   
If that level of brutal honesty bothers you then I don't know what to tell you because just as the world can be good at times it also has it's pitfalls and they tend to be really harsh to those who seek to remain blind to them.  


It's OP's life at the end of the day and she can make the choice to live it however she wishes, that choice as well as her consequences has always been in her own two hands.  


She could get divorced and find someone else that is great for her, she might divorce and end up with an abusive prick. She might never find another husband, if she even ever wants to get married again. All those options exist do they not? So why would I lie to her and tell her they don't? That to me would be truly cruel to do to anyone who is looking for any answer to any question.  


So you and other people may not like my post but it is grounded in reality, I unlike a lot of people don't choose to live pretending like the world is perfect and full of genies that just grant everyone's wishes.  
Because if it was I wouldn't personally have met so many people who pretend to be fine well either self medicating or who take doctor prescribed pills to battle their constant depression to deal with the choices they made.  


So if you want to be everyone's cheer squad then by all means do so, personally I prefer to live in a state where I am aware of all of the option and angles. And I would rather not hold the guilt that would come from me being disingenuous and telling another human being that everything will work out fine when I know for a fact that it is not always the case since I as a person can not guarantee their outcome because I as a person have not chosen to be bound to that responsibility.  


So because I am not bound to OP by my own promise or words and can not with my own two hands promise to physically change her world, then it would be cruel to mislead her and to tell her such things. If you can personally promise to offer her a better life then feel free to do so. And I will happily and with no resentment bow down to you as my better.  


I've pulled plenty of women out of crappy situations in my life and offered them sanctuary, that said I will never promise them such if they leave my range and leave to follow their own path. Because only someone who is foolish will promise someone outcomes that are out of their own personal control.   
I won't waste my life trying to cage someone that wants to be elsewhere, but I won't protect them once they are gone either. The best I can offer that person is the honest truths I've witnessed in life anything beyond that is up to them.  


So you as well as everyone else can think of me whatever you wish, but I rather be honest and considered a prick then someone a person ends up loathing later because I mislead or lied to them because I wanted to be nice and fill their head with hope for something I can't guarantee.   
It's really easy to lie and be liked, it's a whole other world once you become brutally honest because you get tired of cleaning up messes that other peoples kind lies and good intentions created.  
You would be amazed at just how many people seek me out in the real world because they realize I'm not going to sugar coat it and will tell them exactly what I think of the situation they got themselves involved in. Even the ones that get mad in the moment come back eventually to thank me because they realize I wasn't trying to hurt them I was just warning them for their own sake or own benefit. And I sleep rather sweetly in that knowledge, and live a life with very few regrets. So it is what it is.
