I was you. Probably worse haha. I don’t get sad, I get mad. I was angry at the entire world! Yet I didn’t want to share my hateful side with anyone, I just randomly made people feel stupid on the internet (which I now feel terrible for), which led to even more anger at myself. And also led to physically feeling sick. Anger and hate were ruining my body and mind. Lo and behold the root of my anger was actually my hate towards my parents, so I went into it. I wrote pages filled with venom about how inept my parents were, how embarrassing it is for them, how I’m glad they never achieved shit in life etc etc. I just kept writing my hate out and feeding that fire instead of “compassionately unloading”. Fuck compassion, I needed to rage. So rage I did. For the first time I allowed my anger at them to flow with no stop and I didn’t care how evil I was even sounding I just went with it. And it was quite evil, but holding in that pain was killing me.

How cathartic! Why didn’t anyone tell me to do this before?! Yes, I didn’t feel like a very loving person when I was doing it, and it almost felt wrong, but my god. After the rage letters I was able to write a letter of forgiveness, that’s how light I felt. I had realized my parents were just plain dumb, had their own trauma, I felt bad for them for being so lost and unaware of love and kindness. They were the ones to feel sorry for, not me. At least I am the type of person who could NEVER do what they did, so somehow their shitty parenting actually made me better than them. I also rage journaled about other things that pissed me off in the world and that also made me release any care for them. They don’t even phase me anymore! Wave that trump flag! See how much I care! -insert maniacal laugh- Whenever I would get triggered by something or someone, I just rage journaled, and afterwards I was able to look at those same things with eyes of forgiveness and detachment. I have no idea why this worked but for an inherently angry person it was what I needed more than meditation, yoga, and therapy (which did nothing for my anger — and I’m a yoga teacher haha). 

Let it out friend. Harness that beast and fly it to hell!
