If this can help you anyhow I'm gonna answer about myself and some people I know:

So for self-preservation 2

1) My body language is really poor. I'm clumsy and unaware of what my body is doing. I often hear I've got my mouth open all the time like I was constantly sad or tired. When I'm standing I don't move my legs or arms at all. I'm like a stiff doll who only moves her head. Frequent complains about me is that my eyes turn so big, open and round when listening to someone it's scary. Also my friends report I tend to put my face almost into theirs when I'm paying attention (mostly when I'm shorter than that person).

2) Outwardly my speech is very indirect. I often use single words, hints and rely on people being forced to guess what I mean to make them more focused on me. When one-on-one with someone I'm talking like I was telling a story, lecturing, encouraging someone to visualise what I mean in a colorful, emotionally driven way.

For 1

1) I often see them standing and walking with confidence. Nothing too try-hard, but fair body presentation. Some expressive, practical gestures and smooth moves.

2) Straight to the point with decent reasoning to back up their claims. Sometimes using others' emotionality to touch their conscience or morality. Dry humor and stoic way of speaking (well modulated accordingly to atmosphere). Patient in whose turn is to speak and they easily adjust their involvement in discussion.

For 3

1) Energetic and colorful body language. Very smooth. Often steals someone else's gestures or words. Some of them appear cartoony or theatric. Pronounced emotional expression. Uses variety of ways to stand, sit, can be a show-off doing mundane tasks.

2) Goes in both ways. Some are literal and blunt, some are making every conversation about them and stem from subject for as long as they can. Witty, engaging, often adjusted speech accordingly to a person.

For 4

1) RBF most of the time, quick to go from one edge (resting) to another (impulsive action). Frugal with movements, has subtle outburst of mini reactions like half-second expressions.

2) Deadpan snarker, many times speaking in a way that can be seen as disturbing backtalking, uses provocative language, willingly calls out whatever seems inconsistent, stubborn and defensive when in the center of conversation. Impulsive and driven to "win" the conversation. Arrogance and laughing increases the more shame others seem to show.

For 5

1) Controlled-uncontrolled relationship with body. Often wanting to appear certain way but doing this in a fluffy, too loose or too try-hard way. Easily disturbed, looks around many times when not talking, engaged and polarizing attitude when explaining something. Confidence showed mostly when correcting others.

2) Slightly disorganised speech. Can leap from one subject to another not engaging the listener properly beforehand. Self-centered talking which resembles internal dialogue. Detached and specific way of expressing thoughts.

For 6

1) Has a taught way of walking or standing that mimics what fits the situation objectively. Body language seems scripted, relying on pattern and manually controlled. Hyperalerted and highly guarded holding itself in a given shape. Somewhat stiff as well.

2) Firm when well informed and in touch with reaction, perplexed when facing spontaneous twist. Overall polite, subtly testing the chemistry between itself and people. Many times edgy and obsessive depending on experiences.

For 7

1) Light, passionate body language. Smiles a lot and hold smile for long. Throws many surprising moves. Excitable and connected with current atmosphere. Needs to have hands preoccupied.

2) Direct and over-the-top. No hestitation, often changes mind, adds more interpretations to already said words. Uses branching when speaking and tries to come into unexpected conclusions.

For 8

1) Either unhinged or stoic body language. Instant responses, carries itself with more than obvious certainity. Seems to be thinking while skipping thinking in head and directly using body.

2) Elaborates only when facing clear misunderstanding. Blunt, puts time pressure on people when talking, has multiple interpretations in check, seems to have answers for everything instantly.

For 9 I don't know. There's so much differences among 9s I have no pattern for them. Check Personality Database for literature examples. This is about people I know, that's some possibilities I can throw. I don't try to speak for everyone.
