it is a potential tool in the GM's toolbox, and the GM should not be denied a tool that exists within the game system should they deem it necessary to utilize that tool for the purposes of their table.

you can try to justify around it in one way or the other all you want, but at the end of the day that's all it is: a tool in the toolbox.  and if contextually a GM thinks they need that tool for their current scenario, then they should use that tool.  it is not "bad" GMing to use it.  it is not "good" GMing to not use it.  it is a tool in the same way a flat head screwdriver or a mallet or an oxyacetylene torch is a tool to a plumber; it's something you keep around in case you need it, even if you don't always need or want to use it, and even if you use some of those tools more than the others on a daily basis, because sometimes one of those is the right tool for the job in the given context and that's what you need to accomplish the job.

telling someone that they should never use a tool in their toolbox, even if that tool is the right thing to do for that person's specific situation, when you have no contextual information about that situation, is frankly pretty terrible advice in a general sense.  GMs should be encouraged to see all the tools at their disposal and pick the ones that they want or need to use for their situation.  if they don't think they need that tool for their situation, then they should decide based on their situation to not use that tool at that time, and leave it in the toolbox in case they do need it later.  the tool shouldn't be ignored or thrown away and pretend it doesn't exist even if it never gets used once in a given group, and attempting to definitively state otherwise in a "GM PSA" like this is incredibly arrogant and ignorant of the situations that may be present at other tables than your own.

in this specific case, are there other potential tools available to the GM to curb this behavior if it becomes problematic for their group and narrative?  yes.  but that doesn't mean this tool has to be excluded to use those other ones.  it is a perfectly valid tool to use for a myriad of reasons, and it exists in the GMing toolbox as such.  if you don't want to use it, good for you, but that shouldn't preclude someone else from using it if they think it is the right thing for their group, situation, and context.
