Right, because he knew what was feasible. I am an Libertarian Social Democrat - as in Left Libertarian, so the moderate version of an Anarchist, because I believe that the ideal world is one in which people have the rights of free association while still being able to have all their needs met. Because I believe that if human work becomes obsolete, so should human suffering. Not because I believe that the best way to organize an economy is central planning not because I am naive to the practicality of trying to create a healthy non-caoitalist state in a world where capitalist already control all the means of production and people are unwilling and unaware of the potential to change that orthodoxy. 
Simple truth: those in power cannot currently and have never been willing to utilize that power for true egalitarian humanitarian goals. They cannot be trusted to operate a state in which power is rested in the hands of government instead of private individuals.
Simple truth: private individuals will not allow their resources to be seized in order to allocate them in an egalitarian manner. 
Simple truth: resources being spread so thinly that no one person or organization controls at any given point a  billion dollars worth of capital would slow down the global economy immensely and decrease the rationality with which that wealth is used. 
As such, at this time, the best models for the economy we have in order to achieve the goals of peak wealth, peak freedom, and peak inclusion are not socialist and not pure capitalist systems, but Keynesian social democracies, which even still, rely upon international inequity to power their economies. 
On top of all of this, we cannot be trusted to even resist this system as most men's value of human life is very affordable. What's to stop someone from killing say, AOC? And then what's to stop that person from being rewarded in prison? Which might I add, is quite a cushy place thanks to the same hippies who need those places to weaken humans natural immoral instincts. 
You believe in a simple lie, that without inequality, humans will be good, willing to maintain equilibrium. 
Or, you believe that there is someone who can operate the system that oppresses people for their own good who would try to help everyone. 
Neither of these things are true. As such, we need factionalism, we need private interests as a motivational factor, we need force to defend against those who concentrate power in their hands. As Karl Marx believed, conflict for power is what drives societal change.  Unlike Karl Marx believed, people do not stop seeking that power because they have achieved equality. We all believe we are special and deserving, right and therefore good. We all fear each other's motives and potential actions. As such, we will never be equals, because we will never allow it. I will not weaken myself for the next man. Neither will you. You speak as an angel now, and with one chance to cut someone's throat for power, you will do it. That's the heart of man. Always has been.
