I have extensive experience serving the rich in numerous work environments due to having been a manual laborer and resident of Chappaquiddick Island off of Martha's Vineyard. However, my first realization was while delivering Italian food on Davis Island in Tampa at 18 years old. I quickly realized a sad pattern that the regular folks in run down apartment buildings ordering pizza for their families would tip me 3-5 bucks and treat me with kindness. At first, I would get all excited pulling up to a mansion, thinking I might get a much needed tip only to be handed actual pennies in a vile act of intentional fuckery from wealthy old men. The contrast was alarmingly consistent.  


Fast forward to working on the Chappaquiddick ferry as a deck hand and all over the Island in various trades. There were certainly some very kind seniors who were highly educated, and socially humble. However, the vast majority of younger people (12-60 year olds) from wealthy families who are vacationing or staying in summer homes are a toxic combination of entitled arrogance and utter helplessness. Over the years I almost came to pity how delusional and out of touch with reality they are. They are woefully incompetent and unaware of their surroundings. They lack common sense and completely take for granted the functional humans who make it possible for them to survive their own stupidity. The reality is, if a human develops not having to ever fix things when they break, or cook for themselves, or do their own dishes, they aren't able to become functional adults. 

\*\*\*The people who control our politics and own our economy quite often lack fundamental life experience that is essential to the development of moral integrity and healthy socialization.\*\*\* They are exceptional however, at transferring multigenerational knowledge of how to manipulate people and finance in order to gain money and power. There are of course exceptions to every rule but this trend I know to be true.

I'm surprised at the abundance of generic anecdotes upvoted on here and the lack of legitimate answers.
