Your misunderstanding of what a fact is, is represented by this statement: Phrenology used to be fact

No, it wasn't.  It was a widely held idea that, even in it's heyday, wasn't agreed-upon by practitioners.  Phrenologists couldn't even agree amongst themselves on the most basic organ numbers.  Scientific tests disproved the idea at every turn.  It was discredited as an ideology specifically because it was NOT fact.  I'll explain it again like you're five:  A fact is something that is without-a-doubt, provably true.  Phrenology was never that.  The rest of your statement in that paragraph also illustrate your misunderstanding: "and plenty of people **believe** in Toxins, Intelligent Design, Homeopathy, Genetic Memory, Vaccinations cause Autism, Melanin theory, and antifa really does fights fascists."  Emphasis mine

Belief does not = fact.  Intelligent design cannot be proven, therefor it is not fact.  Homeopathy has been proven to not work so it is not fact.  Genetic Memory cannot be proven so it is not fact.  Vaccinations are proven to NOT cause autism so that is not a fact.  Melanin theory has been tested and disproven dozens of time so it is not fact.  Antifa's EXISTENCE isn't fact as there is no organized movement of people who plan on getting together to fight against proud boys and other white supremacists.  You're equating opinion with fact.  You're doing exactly what I'm railing against.  You do not know what a fact is.  As for the rest of your bullshit list, I'll go ahead and answer it because it is easy to do so:

No, non-biological women can't get pregnant.  That is a fact.  The ability to get pregnant is not what defines a woman though.  That is also a fact.  My wife had a full hysterectomy at 28 due to cancer concerns so she has no female reproductive organs and can't get pregnant.  Is she no longer a woman?  The fact is: she is.  

No, white people aren't the only people who can be racist.  The word racism has a factual definition and "must be white" is not in there.  But racism isn't ONE thing, that is also a fact.  Systemic racism in America, for example, does not exist against white people at this juncture because white people set the rules that make the system racist against non-white people.  And again, these are verifiable facts.  Jim Crow laws existed until the 1960s.  My parents were teenagers when legal oppression ended.  After Jim Crow ended redlining existed until the advent of universal credit scores in the 1990s.  That is historical fact.  I was a teenager then.  Systemic racism factually exists, but you don't have to be white to fit the definition of racism.

&gt;Women are not men or is it men are not women?

This is you being willfully ignorant.  Everyone agrees that there is such a thing as biological sex.  What reproductive organs you're born with determine that.  And there ARE three.  Male, female, and hermaphrodite.  From there things are still in flux.  It IS a fact that brain structures and hormone level studies have shown consistencies in people who identify as a different gender than their biological sex.  It is also a fact that not everyone who shares similar brain structures and hormone levels go on to identify as a different gender than their biological sex.  This IS a space where some opinion exists because not everything is fact.  But history tells us that gender-identity-fluidity  has been a concept for as long as people have recorded history and that societal acceptance of that fluctuates with time.  Those things are also facts.  So people saying shit like "women are not men or is it men are not women" ARE being closed-minded and ignorant of the complexity of gender throughout human history and that is a fact.

Whether or not it's cultural appropriation for a person outside of an ethnic group to own a restaraunt in that ethnic group is entirely opinon-based.  It IS a fact that the owner of that restaurant is profiting off a culture that is not their own though.  The opinion lies in the morality of that.

The hosing poop-covered sidewalks is another place where you're being willfully ignorant.  One council-person said that it reminded him of when police would uses hoses against civil rights activists and the reason he said that was because there WERE people still present and protesting when that cleaning was happening.  So no, cleaning poop-covered sidewalks being culturally insensitive is not a fact but nobody ever said it was - nobody ever even had that opinion as you and the right frame it.  And THAT is a fact.

&gt;Expecting people to be on time is culturally insensitive.

Imagine this scenario.  You travel to a foreign land for work or school or a meeting or something.  Someone tells you that there's a meeting at 9 am.  You arrive promptly at 9 am and nobody is there.  Everyone shows up within a few minutes and they socialize a bit before getting down to business.  You get all angry and loud about how they should've all been there at 9 am on the dot.  They calmly and nicely explain to you that in their country, a 9 am meeting means 9-ish.  In that scenario, why should your opinion about what a 9 am meeting means be the only one that matters?  Your culture has taught you that 9 am means 9 freakin am.  Their culture has told them that 9 am means "9ish."  The fact in that scenario is that you were culturally insensitive to how they treat time.  They were also culturally insensitive to how you treat time.  Those are both facts.

You do not know what a fact is.  I am not saying that someone gets to decide for the rest of us what facts are ok to be heard and what facts are not.  I'm saying that opinions that are demonstrably wrong, like a large majority of your post to which I'm responding, have no place being given a platform.  They're WRONG.  They aren't facts.  I'm not trying to shut down your factual findings.  I'm trying to stop you from saying provably wrong bullshit.
