While I think the Texas law is a crazy loop around of the legal system and a bad precedent for this and other controversial issues, I have a hard time understanding why we wouldn't know an abortion ended a viable pregnancy. If through current medical practice we confirm someone is pregnant and that at whatever stage it appears to be a healthy and normal development, and that someone decides to procure an abortion, how is that anything else than the termination of a viable pregnancy? It is assumed viable at least until we have the capability to discern that it is not. What other option is there?

Defining what is a human life is really hard, and I do not expect the US or any other society to come to a consensus on this. Otherwise, these unending arguments would be way less frequent :) I agree there are many very smart people who try to answer that question, bioethics is too focused on the science and less on philosophy. There is more at stake here than biology. 

Intent and degree of wrongness - yes agreed, and the anti-abortion camp will claim that an abortion is a wrong action. The best non-religious argument that even pro-life bioethicists will use is that abortion/embryonic research is severely unjust to the unborn because it results in deliberately ending their existence. The unborn have no ability or even awareness to object or resist, and that since we cannot agree on when life begins, we must err on the side of caution - there is no "Brightline". And this argument has legs.

You are correct that I take a different position than the one Hobby Lobby takes. I disagree with Hobby Lobby on much of what it does outside of selling crafts :) Without going off on a tangent, and I am not trying to proselytize, but Hobby Lobby is owned by Evangelical Christians. I am Catholic and there are many disagreements between the two. I bet most Catholics would be shocked to learn about the Plan B thing in Catholic hospitals, I expect many Catholic pro-life advocates are ignorant of that. My position on Plan B is aligned with the article I sent you, that in cases of rape (statutory or otherwise) the use of Plan B to prevent implantation is self defense. If a judge decided that preventing implantation is the same thing as an abortion, it is my opinion that the judge ruled in error. It won't be the first or last time I feel this way, I'm sure.

Experimentation on the unborn is the only scientific work where the human being experimented with is unaware and completely incapable of resisting being a test subject. Believe me, I get it that there is a lot of promise in the field of genetic engineering, and specifically embryonic stem cell research. It is human arrogance that we think every spectacular but potentially controversial scientific breakthrough is this panacea for solving humanity's problems. We learn later that we just create new problems as a result of our pride and shortsightedness.

IVF and the like could be made acceptable if they didn't involve deliberate culling off of "unwanted or unneeded" embryos. I don't know of any IVF clinic that will refuse to suggest "making extras just in case", which will be destroyed later. We can see already see CRISPR was used to genetically modify the unborn in China. I guarantee once this door opens a little further, someone will be on the other side to push it wide open. Planned Parenthood was started by those who wanted to leverage abortion for the purposes of eugenics.  There has never been a point in human history where some new capability or scientific breakthrough did not lead to humans doing whatever it is that everyone was worried about doing with it. Bioethicists can yell "stop" until they are blue in the face...we will ALWAYS do the "bad thing" with it.
