It is a massive part of the problem! In fact, I would say it’s the bulk of the problem. However, the problem needs to be addressed before that public encounter happens. 

Women need to understand how men feel and how they perceive the world…but here’s the thing, and I know it absolutely seems like this is opposite to your own experiences (and I don’t belittle that at all)…

But it seems to me, in talking to women, that the interest to understand men and how they perceive things is absolutely there and very genuine. Women have these conversations with each other all of the time. They go on women forums asking what certain behaviors from men mean and what they should do about them…

But speaking as a female, myself, when we ask men these same questions they appear to not feel safe speaking about them, not think it’s important to share that information, or not want to waste the time or word count on it. 

For women, as well as men, I’m sure, it really feels like we’re being asked to empathize with the opposite sex without being given any information as to how. 

I figured out a way to kind of hack my way around the barriers there, but most women seem to give up and decide it’s impossible. 

If we could just do something to resolve this disconnect of communication between the sexes, I think that a lot of the issues of men’s rights would cease to be issues, because when women heard men advocating for their rights, they would be able to empathize on both sides of the line. 

As it stands, it’s easy for me to empathize with being raped, as a woman. It’s not easy for me to understand what it must feel like to be raped as a man. Some things are obvious - like the humiliation, the disempowerment, the confusion, the way that it forces you to distrust and fear the opposite sex in a way you can’t possibly help or control…I can get that far, because I’m sure those feelings are the same. 

But there are other feelings involved in what females experience when they’re raped by men that men wouldn’t experience when they’re raped by women. Like the fear of being mutilated and murdered, and the terror of waiting for your next period, having to imagine the horror of being faced with a choice to have a baby out of wedlock or get an abortion, feeling like your body can’t move because you’re not strong enough - these are things that men wouldn’t experience in the same way. 

That being said, and correct me if I’m wrong, but I think that men are more likely to commit suicide as a result of being raped than women are, and I assume a portion of that must be society’s psychotic reaction to a man coming out with the truth about his rape. I also don’t know if this includes men being raped by men, or what… 

I’m assuming that, much in the way there are emotional realities that would be predominantly female, there must be emotional realities that would be predominantly male. I think, for example, the sense of shame and humiliation may be far worse for men, given the functional nature of female on male rape. 

But all I can do is spend hours of my time imagining and running through hypotheticals, or trying to find one rare male online who will actually see me as a human and talk to me. 

Every time that I try to approach men to better understand them - this is the reception I receive. 

I was once of the school of thought that women can’t rape men because I just didn’t understand how erections work. I never had a penis. I feel absolutely, horrendously, atrociously horrible for that now - because I spoke to men who corrected me and I realized how ridiculously sexist and ignorant that was…

But I just couldn’t empathize with something I had no information about. 

I think you guys think we women don’t try, and I think a lot of women are actually trying so much harder than you think they are…but it’s unfortunately true that they fear you. They fear the way men treat them when they try to talk or ask questions. 

I do blame feminism, but I think there has to be something more going on here because this has been a problem since I was a kid, and men were not hated when I was a kid. I’m not going to stand here and tell you that there was no systemic sexism and that men were not oppressed with responsibility and groomed to be work mules by our culture - because all of that was absolutely true. 

But the perception of the male sex when I was a child was far different than what it is today, and the communication barriers seemed, if anything, possibly worse back then, then they are today. 

So what can we do to fix this problem of this massive divide between male and female perceptions? 

I’ve tried to share female perceptions with men before - the overwhelming response is that they do not care. I’ve tried asking, but they don’t seem to share, by in large, either. 

Why does it seem like men hate women this much? I don’t try looking back at history any more than I have to because if I do, my perception of what I’m reading will simply confirm that bias.
