This response is a c&amp;p of another i made as it applies just as well to your comment as well

&gt;My point is we need to stop focusing on women if we’re trying to get rid of abortions. Think of abortion as the “cure” for an unwanted pregnancy. To stop abortions, we need to prevent the “disease” — meaning, the unwanted pregnancy itself. And the only way to do that is by focusing on men, because irresponsible ejaculations by men cause 100% of unwanted pregnancy. -Direct quote from the [article in question](https://humanparts.medium.com/men-cause-100-of-unwanted-pregnancies-eb0e8288a7e5) and the autors summary of their argument

A man can be responsible for a pregnancy but not have any say in whether it's wanted or not? There's 2 folks involved in making a baby, it can be wanted by one and unwanted by the other. A pregnancy can be both wanted and unwanted at the same time. Fuck, it dosent even have to involve force or a lack of choice. A couple can fully agree, both party's without any coercion involved, to get pregnant then one of them can change their mind after the fact. It's not super common but not that unheard of for a woman to abort what had been, and still might be for one party involved, a wanted pregnancy because her circumstances have changed. This is a subject with many gray places and this article is trying to paint them black and white.

Look, I'm a woman who lives in texas. I'm dealing with that nonsense witch hunt Bill in my own backyard. I fully support abortion rights and don't think any man, even the potential father, should have any say in whether a pregnancy is aborted or not. No matter the reason. Even if the other party wanted it and was going to take over all responsibilities after birth absolving the pregnant party of all responsibilities after the fact, I still don't think the man should get to decide. Pregnancy is to hard on the body to for a man to ever get to have any legal say in it continuing or not. But to say that all unwanted pregnancies are 100% on the man's shoulders feels fucking slimy and ignorant of the human reality to me.
