How are you quoting (not even a quote but a very poorly written paraphrase) me if you claim you didn't read my comment because it is too long? 

What an obvious troll you are, kid. Come back and try again when you stop feeling good about murdering innocent people. Maybe then you will actually address the argument instead of writing out a bunch of insults and parading them as an opinion based in fact.

Apparently I was worth your time given the lengthy response after you claimed you didn't read my comment (we all know you did, you are just thinly veiling another insult because you have no moral ground to stand on here).

The reason so many people downvoted me is there is a massive propaganda campaign in America aimed at young men that has driven the enlistment rolls for decades and people who are uneducated (The Dumb) or see no other way out of their poverty stricken communities (The Desperate) are being told they are doing something good for the world by signing up to give their lives in an even more impoverished place killing people who were never a threat to America.  Because they are indoctrinated in another 'Good Ole' Boys' club they believe the propaganda and that what they are doing is right. Ironically most people, like yourself, are so undereducated and ignorant of what goes on in the world day in and day out that they believe the same propaganda. "Support the troops" is a great example.

I also learned a long time ago that people like you are not worth my time but because I actually care about the loss of ALL human life - not just 13 soldiers - I can't help but point out the obvious ignorance and vitriol that drives your sorry excuse for an opinion.

I'd tell you to 'get some air' as well but honestly you don't need it given how much air is already between your ears. You just need an education and some worldly experience. Have you even been to the Middle East before? Do you even know what the Quran says, or how it is used to dictate laws? I have been there on the ground reporting on the devastation that our troops have wrought. I have met the families that will never see their mothers, fathers, or children again because we indiscriminately murdered them. I have the life experience to stand behind what I preach and thus DGAF if my comments are downvoted. You don't even have a defensible point, just poorly constructed insults and a narrow world-view.
