This post has reached one of our comment/karma limits. The text of the post has been preserved below.

---

ORIGINAL-
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/pjzgot/myf22_bfm20_has_a_bizzare_sexual_fetish/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

I spoke with my BF aswell as had him read each and every comment. Good and bad. I figured before we get into things I should clarify some things.

1. Somehow on my original post people were under the influence he locked me in the room when he would go to leave or when we were having sex. The door is unlocked before he comes to undress me, it stays unlocked until after we're finished. (He confirmed this) I am never locked inside the room or kept inside.

2. The door to the room is locked because I don't live with him, atleast not yet. I asked him if I could see the room and he gladly opened the door. It's just a white, drywalled room with linoleum floor. The same room I see everytime he takes the blindfold off and he walks me out. It is not a rape dungeon like some people implied.

3. "When he's leaving, he's letting somebody else go it and have sex with you" or something along those lines. I've been with my BF for long enough to know what he smells like, what his hands feel like, what his grunts sound like and every other little thing you learn about somebody after you've been with them for long enough. He's also very well endowed. It's him, I know it's him 100%. I don't need to set up a video camera to find that out.

4. "Your boyfriend is a rapist" uh no? I dont know what I expected but he isn't. He's very caring and always makes sure I'm doing okay inside and outside of this specific thing. He would never do that to me or anyone else.

Now onto our talk. I told him what I had done and the responses I had gotten. I got out a laptop and we looked at the whole thread. We talked about it and I think we're better for it.

1. Why do you enjoy it?
"The trust you have in me to allow me to do that with you is a big turn on. I also enjoy the power dynamic of you being helpless and unaware of what's going to happen, while I get to decide when and how things happen."

2. Why do you leave the room so many times?
"When I leave the room, I'm getting into character. It helps me get into the right mindset." He also wanted to add, "No, I'm absolutely not having other people have sex with you like some comments said."

3. Why do you stand around me like a predator before you go for me?
"I saw a scene in Shindler's List and thought, while sick in context, it could be hot with the right person. That person's you. I do it because it lets you know I'm there and builds anticipation for whats going to happen next."

4. Should we do some more research on this and make a safeword? 
"I realize now I probably put you in a difficult situation. I'm sorry about that. I think we should both do some more research and better prepare ourselves for things like this."

That's about it. I think we both learned alot today and we're going to try to figure things out. Thanks for the help reddit!
