Remember with softcore, it still can be a video uploaded without consent. There is a lot of revenge porn. I’ve read about women who found out their exes uploaded stuff and they suffered. What if that would happen to you? If your family, friends etc could see you online being very vulnerable?

The women in porn, whether it’s in vanilla or hardcore porn, still could have better lives. Most women are young and brainwashed into believing they want this (thank you liberal feminism). It’s still oppression of the female gender. What I want for women, is that we/they all have the option for education and a good job, for a fulfilling life and respect. The women in vanilla porn are still being objectified and after they quit they will still not be seen as normal humans but as ex-pornstars. Have you seen how men react to ex-pornstars? Like the women are worth nothing. It’s horrible.

It’s good to see men want to quit porn, but porn is just a puzzle piece in the complete puzzle of misogyny us women face. Women always have been and are still oppressed by men. And this is the issue: lots of men don’t even realize how privileged they are because they have a penis/xy and not a vagina/xx. My husband is a good man who never watched porn because he always thought it was dehumanizing women, however he never realized how normal it was he can go outside in whatever he wants to wear without being ogled at. I can’t wear what I want. If I wear a tight fitting dress and heels I literally don’t feel safe at the street. This is just one example. I can only advice you to look at all the misogyny a woman is facing in the world. Every man who stops watching porn and educates other men about the effects on men but especially on women, are very hard needed. 

Oh and my last point I actually do think there are a lot of people (well, women) who are good at emphatizing with others problems without knowing them or having faced the same problems. Maybe we’re like this naturally, but we’re also being groomed. It’s literally expected from us, so we can become a good wife. We even emphatize with mens ED due to porn to a certain level, until we see those men only quit porn because of their own issues so they’re basically being selfish and ignorant of the misogyny porn is. In the end ALL porn and all prostitution are misogyny and that is why we don’t make a difference between men who watch the vanilla stuff and the hardcore stuff.
