Indeed you sure have done your research well. I do not know what to make of the Acts of the Apostles. I am no theologian so I can't judge the theological quality of the writings based on that. But by observing its structure and contents, it and the Gospel of Luke appear as ulterior to Mark or Matthew, not only chronologically. As if the author had had time to sediment the accounts of the first two. And the last Gospel alleged by John is the most schematic of the four and the most theologically involved. I don't believe that that any Christian theologian that's worth his salt can claim that any of the Gospels have been actually written by their alleged Apostles or by any witness to the Jesus narrative. In the Gospel of Luke I think it is actually called a "narative" and not an "account" as it has been previously claimed. And with every Gospel new, more supernatural elements are added to the story. I have always given the case of how Plato has been received by his followers, and ultimately by us today as an example of how a "tradition" modifies the meaning in the original works either unintentionally by mistranslation, or intentionally by scholars who wanted to make out of Plato anything they wanted. Most tragically is how Heidegger interpreted him and Socrates as the godfathers of Fascism and National Socialism. I for one take the Bible as a cultural product of a certain people, in a certain place and time. And it should stay there. The same way we marvel at the Odyssey, but we don't base our morality on Ulysses. It's interesting, and this Jesus fellow seems to have had a lot of good ideas. But his followers hijacked him for political gains in the Roman Empire. I have always leaned onto Celsus' account of the Christian and Jewish communities in the Roman Empire as the most unbiased description of how the Christians actually operated, and how they were perceived by their fellow Romans. And sadly it doesn't differ much of how we perceive them today. Violent and ignorant. Of their leaders as preying on the poor and the desperate, preaching a deluded sense of entitlement and self righteousness.
