See that's the thing. In your mind, there is ONE solution. For ALL healthcare problems, and anyone that disagrees is either privileged, ignorant, or just *deliberately* votes against their own interests (for some reason).

Do you not see how small-minded and ignorant that is? Do you not see how little effort you've put in to understanding the *actual* arguments against govt run healthcare? Not what mainstream Republican senators say, but the *actual* arguments?

I have my beliefs *because* of what I've seen, what I've researched, how it will impact my family, etc. My wife is in a social media support group for her disease, which is extremely rare and consists of multiple benign tumors growing on her intestines and intestinal wall, causing massive inflammation and flare-ups which can disrupt her ability to digest food. 

The consensus in the group is: you make it to America or you die. That includes from the UK, from Nordic countries, the middle east, east Asia... Why? Because universal healthcare systems are SHIT at handling rare diseases. They have a lack of specialists, and the government budgeting care means that they do cost/benefit analysis of who is worth devoting large amounts of resources and research to help. Rare diseases often get tossed to the bottom of the pile.

My wife is alive *because* of the system we have in place here. Is it too expensive? Yes. But things can be done about that. The reason why it's expensive is not just "greed." That's like blaming the snow on top of the iceberg for the Titanic, it's just so confoundingly ignorant and demonstrates a total lack of understanding of the real roadblocks in place.

I truly, honestly believe that taking massive steps to free up the healthcare market (something Republicans aren't doing because it works against their corporate interests, same reason Democrats will never actually back universal healthcare) will make things cheaper and more accessible to the poor. It'll make what you want for your care an actual attainable goal from out-of-pocket that won't break your bank.

And then we can have a food stamp voucher style program for those at the very bottom, including what you're wanting.
