I'm so sorry OP. You must be so flooded with information right now
 I'm just imagining your brain on a frenzy, building new neural pathways that link areas of your brain that have never been connected before.

If that's the case, it's so... it's such an emotionally busy experience, to start making sense of things in a new way.

I want you to know that your tears are good. The ability to cry isn't just good, it's an exceptional human adaptation. Did you know that the act of crying- especially loudly crying- engages our parasympathetic nervous system? That's our body's easy of soothing all the agitated, sympathetic nervous system energy in your body when you're being flooded with too much emotion all at once.

Emotionally neglected kids learn to shut down instead of cry, for risk of being more abandoned than they already are. Crying if a beautiful thing our body's can do for us, but in certain circumstances- like being a small dependent child of a detached, zoned out or punishing parent- it's safest not to. Crying is actually a resource we all have, and which children apply exceptionally well so long as we don't teach them to fear doing so.

Our bodies are actually really good at subconscious threat assessment. I've read that as much as 80% of the brain's processes might be outside of conscious awareness. Consciously, it might not seem like something has shifted, but something must have for your body to feel safe enough to cry.

Whatever it was you did OP, you created enough safety for all the unconscious, defensive parts of you to relax, and just let you *be.* 

That being said, crying might feel incredibly scary to you. It might have been the kind of thing that was overtly punished in your home growing up. Or it might have been more covert; maybe when people cried in your home, they were left alone until they were calm again. *Not* crying might have been the only way to secure company of any kind.

So not only has your brain likely coded crying as a "threat " the very physical experience of it is something you've had little experience with it in the last decade. New things are always at least a little bit scary.

But the parent in me is so, so excited that you are crying. This is where healing happens. This is where relief will come from, if you haven't experienced some relief from those cries quite yet. This is *you.* Not that "you" are crying, but you *are* **feeling.** Fully and deeply.

It's a scary thing, to feel that much.

But it's also the key to thriving and feeling as fully alive as possible. 

This is hard stuff for kids. It's doubly hard for those of us who often feel like kids in grown-up bodies, because no one taught us how to feel and honor our feelings when we were *supposed* to be getting that help.

And it's so not fair that you have to go through this now.

But you're doing a really good job. A *really* good job.

And know that it's ok to hate us. Maybe you kind of wish you could turn back the clock, and go back to being numb and unaware of some of these things. I've felt that way on and off, to be honest. 

Know too that no feeling will ever last forever. In fact, when we're able to sit with our feelings and let them know through us like waves without interruption, they usually last about 90 seconds. That's it. It's our tendency to suppress our feelings with inhibitory emotions like shame, guilt and anxiety that prevents us from experiencing the full wave of that emotion, and getting the feelings of relief at the end.

All of this is a lot, so please just know that it isn't going to be like this forever. I'm still not living a perfect life or anything, but I can absolutely tell you that I am much, much better than I was a year and a half ago. 

Being gentle with yourself might be a hard thing for you as it is for many of us, but please be as gentle with yourself as you can right now. You may look still outwardly, but you are very busy on the inside- feeling things, processing a backlog of memories you didn't have the resources to handle as a small child, and quote literally rewiring your brain.

You're doing such a good job op, and I see how hard you're working.
