You're moving in the right direction for feeling something about it. If you want to avoid those feelings understand this please.

1. Your partner may have ADHD &amp; people with ADHD respond to sex differently, some people don't think of this because of how hard people like us and other with mental health tend to mask alot, where they hold themselves so together that when they relax and you see the real them it can be a little jarring, BUT that's how they work, if you love them you'll let it be a growing experience about boundaries.

2. Boundaries are important &amp; so is communicating them. You feel like you have crossed one of those, ask him if it felt a tiny bit like that, and try not to take it personal, alot of people will mask away so many things, being with BPD we can understand this the most because sometimes it feels like you're different people in different environments, but that's masking for you, it can go either way low energy masking or high energy. I tend to get manic highs &amp; my gf is an introvert with ADHD so sometimes I feel like WAYYYY WAYYYY too much and it kills me, but then when she finally talks I understand she's just in her head, she dealing with her own stuff her way, maybe she's just tired also you know? It's hard to think of anything else, but what reaction we wanted or expected from them. Talk to him about when you are able to touch him or when he wouldn't like it, take his word for it and he has reasons. Also ask what consentual touch he's okay with or ask if he'd like to be asked for consent, some get jarred by just being touched all the time.

3. Don't expect the energy of the relationship to always be high energy, you will get sad when it reaches a normal low or even he's not so capable of giving you affection for whatever reason. I don't wanna be rude, but this post reminds me of when I was younger and unaware of my BPD, when I thought the sex was going down and they started kinda rejecting advances even though we were super super sexual in the beginning and I didn't want the energy to stop and that triggered me Everytime, I always got this sinking feeling from my heart to my feet when things like that would happen or if I got a reaction that made me feel any less than super lovey dubey. But when I wanted alone time or when my energy was finally low, everyone else something was wrong with me and since nothing they say could help me at that exact moment, they'd get frustrated and say something's wrong with me and leave and tell everyone how crazy emotional I am hahah. Kinda hurt saying that not gonna lie 

4. It's not the end of the world even though it feels like it, now as we both know you have VERY VERY passionate emotions, just as I do, BUT that being said, we cannot keep chugging along without considering coping mechanisms. You will naturally want to vent to your bf, but consider that he like any normal human being has a limit to how much they can carry mentally you know, so do you. Try anything you can to try to learn to cope once in a while, I promise you will thank yourself. If we only use our partner for a journal they're going to start feeling our pain &amp; I wouldn't want anyone to resent you because they got overwhelmed. I've been through it countless times, I always thought wow when I actually get sad people leave or don't want me, but I always made it about myself and how I feel 24/7 since my feelings felt so huge compared to everyone. Try talking with him about how he sees everything, we all experience the puppy love faze x1000, but some people finally get comfortable, as well as being themselves around you, which not might be so sexual. 

5. The last thing is perspective. You will have your lows or moments that you don't want to be sexual or even maybe you feel that 180 that happens every once in a while and you don't feel sexual in the least and want to be alone or maybe just held, if he tries to get sexual with you in those moments, that's a perfect moment to set boundaries, which you are entitled to just as he is, just remember maybe he feels like not being touched or maybe he's overstimulated or overwhelmed or who knows, maybe he's dissociating about past traumas. Maybe he's anxious even, it's all about talking to them, &amp; NOT shutting down because of how we feel. That's where coping mechanisms come into play, they can be anything from splashing cold water on my face, to listening to this specific song, while rubbing my chest and neck slowly, which a little embarrassing I do all the time, I go to the shower or outside and cry it out or whatever I feel like I need.


btw the song is "Head in the Ceiling Fan" by title fight, it feels like a lullaby that no one ever sung to me, the guitar feels like it's crying with me at points, sometimes through the song it sounds like what my emotions feel like inside, even the part when I'm calming down. That said, it doesn't work everytime, nothing will work everytime. Learn how to navigate yourself, so you feel somewhat control. You'll grow, good luck OP!!
