When we read the Bible, it's always important to read it as ancient literature. That means being aware not only of its historical context, but also of the constraints and expectations set by its literary genre. Genesis is itself split into two major sections: Chapters 1-11 give a macroscopic overview of the creation of the earth (called a cosmogony) and the beginning of civilization (a common theme in many ancient myths); Chapters 12-50 then give a microscopic view of the history of one particular family, i.e. the family of Abraham.

In some ways these two halves of Genesis are a coherent whole and tightly bound together (as shown by the תֹּולְדֹ֣ת '*toledot'* clauses, i.e. the "this is the generation of..." clauses that mark major breaks in the narrative of Genesis). On the other hand, these two major sections (the macroscopic and microscopic) exhibit characteristics of different literary genres in the ANE. The first half is a cosmogony, i.e. a creation myth. To understand it, we need to understand how cosmogony worked in the Ancient world, and what kind of expectations and constraints an ancient reader would have went in with. Long story short, the real point of a cosmogony was to teach something about life, God/gods, the nature of humanity, and social morals. It is questionable as to whether people took these to be literal accounts of creation, or figurative illustrations. Probably it was a little of both. There is evidence that some took these stories literally, while others, especially the social elite (and thus the ones most likely to author such a work), did not. Nevertheless, these myths were often appealed to as examples of how to interact with the gods and as guidelines for life and ethics. All of this suggests to me that the historicity of this particular section of Genesis is secondary, at best, to its theological and moral significance. In other words, whether or not this is a historical account of creation doesn't matter as much as what it tells us about God and the life he has given us.

This isn't the only space in which understanding genre is important either. In fact, the implications of genre get much more complex when we realize that there are both macro and micro genres present in many texts. For example, we describe the general genre of the Gospel of Matthew as biographic, and more specifically as an ancient biography of the Greco-Roman Period. This larger genre sets certain constraints on our understandings of the text itself. For example, we should expect that the author assumes a historical reality behind the text. At the same time, as it is an *ancient* work of literature, we should not expect the author's portrayal of those events to be as rigid and strict as those found in modern histories.

Even once this general interpretive lens is set by the "macro" genre, we nevertheless must alter our interpretive constraints based on genre shifts within the larger biographical setting. For example, within Matthew, which is biographical, we also find examples of poetic hymn (e.g. Mary's *Magnificat*) and parable (e.g. many of Jesus's teaching). These genres set expectations and interpretive constraints that differ from the larger work of Matthew, and we need to be aware of these shifts in genre throughout the text. It would be silly and ignorant of us to interpret the parables with the same eye on historicity as other parts of Matthew, or to fail to shift away from the parabolic genre once we moved on to more biographical details of Jesus's ministry. Likewise, it would be inappropriate to interpret Genesis 1-11 as a work of history if, in fact, its genre was unconcerned with giving us historical information.

So, in answer to another user's question in this thread, the motivation to question parts of Genesis as history is basic reading skills. God could have communicated his Word in any way he chose, but he chose to deliver in the form of a collection of various types of literature. We must learn to be astute readers and accept that God spoke via these different literary genres rather than insist he must speak in the way we want him to. To insist on reading Genesis as part of a genre to which it does not belong is to insist that God speak on our terms, which is a grave theological error.
