&gt; It does. They are overcompensated for minimum to no productive labour done.
Do you actually have... any charts on this? Like, do you have empirical evidence that the wage paid to all first-world proletarians fairly compensates them? Because, if they did get paid the fruits of their labour, then they’d be living under a successful form of capitalism... ignoring the fact that the boss would not be able to pay these workers without taking some of their surplus, of course. 

And sure. Western call centres in your country can pay more than the average. That doesn’t stop zero-hour contracts where the wage is paid as low as possible while excluding other payments from being bad jobs. Being an Uber driver and being paid a small amount of money only to have even more be taken in gas costs isn’t a utopia where you’re overpaid.


There was a labour aristocracy developing in the Russian Empire, but sure. And no, not student protests. Full on strikes and revolutions. You can literally google ‘The 1917-1923 Revolutions’ for this. 

&gt; And even yeah there was a devastating war where the imperialist superprofits weren’t coming in as much so it just proves the point further.

Firstly, what? More people are influenced to rebel because of material conditions changing? That’s not just your point, that’s a pretty obvious thing. And secondly, no, that’s not even true. For example, before Britain entered WWI, the country was literally weeks from a group of trade unions bringing the country to an absolute halt by striking over the most fundamental industries. The only material conditions affected there were the ones which caused by half of London being in poverty in that time. 


&gt; And Bolsheviks didn’t deal with the same shit in Russia?

Almost like each country has their own material conditions and specific set of circumstances and challenges which it faces, which determine how things are overcome... 

And, even then, Lenin wasn’t thrown in the Neva by Kornilov in 1917, if I remember correctly. The Russian military also defected from the counterrevolutionaries to the revolutionaries, while the German protofascist soldiers did no such thing. 

Also, your assessment of German interwar history is MASSIVELY oversimplified and ignorant of material situations then. This isn’t something summarised in a sentence, this is a 500 page book.


&gt; Where were the revolutionaries in the 30s?

They happened to be leading third in the country’s elections and on the verge of a revolution, which is why, out of fear of the communists, Hitler was put in as Chancellor. It’s also why Hitler immediately banned trade unions and the communists, and why all the other parties approved giving Hitler the absolute powers to do this. Plus, this wasn’t even a time when their parasitic status was regained. Their parasitic status was regained in the 20’s. They were just being *wayy* more exploited by their bourgeoise in the 30’s due to economic crisis. 

&gt; Where were the anti-war protests and brink of civil war if they were *so* opposed.
Locked up. Rule by fear works if in minority government and done well. 


Germans did indeed feel fucked after Versailles, but not so much by the late 20’s. Stressemann had passed agreements which basically made Versailles’s problems minimal, and it was only Hitler’s scapegoating during the Great Depression which brought Germans back to hating Versailles as much as they did in 1919. 


I would disagree also that Moscow/Peterburg zone and parts of Belarus do not qualify as a labour aristocracy. Their situation is moving towards being almost the same as the West, though the embargoes with Europe may change Belarus. 


Calling Mao a reactionary is ironic. He’s probably the second-most progressive leader of the 20th century behind Lenin. I don’t even support him fully, but your hate for him comes from the completely wrong direction.


&gt; imagined imperialism

So Hirohito, Hideki Tojo, their literal slave-state in Manchuria and their horrific war crimes in Korea and China are now just ‘imagined imperialism?’ Was this a mistake or are you deranged? 


&gt; because of chauvinism and revisionism
Find me the Mao quote where he says that he fought the Japanese invasion because he hates women and Karl Marx. Please. 


&gt; Funny how the GDR and Czechoslovakia had the best living standards and economy but were in fact imperialized by a country with 60% of their GNP per capita?

Imperialism isn’t when you make more GNP per capita than your imperialiser. Cuba made almost as much as the USSR, but when reading about how the USSR forced Cuba to become a monocrop country for sugar, it becomes a bit certain that they performed imperialism on some scale. 


&gt; Social Imperialism is not a thing.
Lenin disagrees. 
*”The leaders of the present-day, so-called, “Social-Democratic” Party of Germany are justly called “social-imperialists”, that is, socialists in words and imperialists in deeds.”*
- ItHSoC, Chapter IX
In case you want to say that refers to social democrats and not socialists, remember what Khruschev did to the USSR by the time Mao had made that comment and how much he had ruined Stalin’s policies.


The letters you send only proves that Marx and Engels both believed that the British Proletariat was taking the surplus wealth of the colonised, which I agree with. That doesn’t mean that they still aren’t being paid a wage and not being paid for the fullness of their labour, and therefore not exploited. 


&gt; If I not only get the full fruits of my labour but am also compensated by someone else’s surplus 3x over, no I am not exploited.

Sure, but you aren’t getting the full fruits of your labour. I’m guessing that’s a mistype, though, so I’ll also say this: if you get robbed by someone and you rob someone else, have you still gotten robbed?
