&gt;You've said earlier that this isn't about safety, its about control. That would only be true in the vaccine was ineffective and a vaccine mandate did nothing to protect the public from covid.

No, this is not a binary split.  This isn't a yes or no.  This is not a safety versus no safety.  

To make this point extremely clear, if the government were to make it mandatory for every person to drink a glass of milk each day, it can be justified using the same exact logic of "safety".  Forcing this would increase the amount of vitamin D and calcium which are important to your health and safety.  Now, if the government forced you to drink a glass of milk every day, what would you say to that?  Would you say that they are doing it for your safety and therefore are justified in their actions?

This is control under the guise of safety.

&gt;Thats not strictly true. They will have to undergo weekly testing but it will be their companies who fire them.

No, that's bullshit and you know it.  The government is literally going to fine companies for not complying with their mandate.  Saying it's the "company" that will be firing the person is like going to jail for robbery because you had a gun to your head and were told to empty out the cash register.  

&gt;And its not like time will be an issue as federal works will have around 75 days to get vaccinated and healthcare workers until late October.

The issue is the forced vaccination.  Who cares about the time issue when the first part is already trampling all over people's rights.  That's like saying "You need to get a tattoo of a penis on your forehead.  Don't worry though, you have 6 months to take care of it."  The problem isn't the 6 months or 75 days.  The problem is the getting a penis tattooed on your forehead.

&gt;It isn't though. Vaccine mandates aren't a human rights violation.

Yes, it is.  When you restrict access to jobs that are federally required to mandate vaccinations, when you start pressuring businesses to require vaccinations in order for people to shop there, when you start restricting services based on vaccination status, you are violating a persons civil rights.  

That's what your little media article failed to mention.

&gt;If the government was pinning you down and jabbing you while you were restrained, that would be but mandating a vaccine to participate in society is not a human rights violation.

What's the difference?  If the end result is exactly the same, what's the difference between them pinning you down to give you the vaccine or letting you agree with their decision?  The end result is the same.  You don't need to pin someone down, just destroy their entire life until they submit.

&gt;The US isn't the only country in the world. Global trade will facilitate infections.

I'm replying to your comment which specifically stated the US.

&gt;What about the number hospitalized? 

[~4,000 hospitalizations amount youth.](https://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/covidnet/COVID19_5.html)  

That's just slightly more than the number of kids that commit suicide in a given year for reference.  And suicide means they died which is far worse than being hospitalized.

&gt;What about the adults those kids come into contact with?

Kids are less likely to transmit the virus.  A lot of this is due to the asymptomatic nature of the virus in kids.  The most common bit of misinformation around kids transmission talks about "viral load" as the key component but viral load isn't the same as transmission.

&gt;What about their covid contraction rates across their life time?

No clue what you are saying here.  It's arguably better that they get COVID if they are young such that their body creates the antibodies and antigens against it.  We won't know if that's going to be a consideration going forward since we don't know how long COVID will be around.

&gt;Also, this has nothing to do with Biden's vaccine mandate. Schools already mandate vaccines.

Did Biden's vaccine mandate somehow not apply to private schools as well?  I thought that it was pretty clear with the "Every business with more than 100 employees" statement which would include private schools as well.

&gt;If you're arguing about lockdowns, then you have to look at safety risks to people outside that age bracket as children will act as infection vectors to their parents.

Is that worth more kids committing suicide?  Is that worth more kids getting depression?  Is that worth increases in domestic violence?  

This is what bothers me about people like you, you are so hyperfocused on COVID that you don't give a shit about anything else.  I'm very aware that you completely ignored everything about suicide rates in kids.  It's noticeable that you ignored it.

How many kids need to blow their brains out before you start thinking "maybe there's a bigger concern than COVID for them"?  I don't think you care about any of these factors.  I don't think you care about the impact this has on anyone.  I think the thing you care about is COVID which is so childish and ignorant that you are going to cause more harm than good.

&gt;Your allegory falls apart when you consider you taking a risk and getting ill puts other people at risk. 

Your health is not my responsibility.  It's amazing how selfish people like you are when it comes to COVID.  You are responsible for your own health.  You choose how you want to mitigate your risks.  You choose what risks are acceptable for you.  

I guess it's just easier for you to blame everyone else than to take responsibility for your own actions.  

&gt;And unlike vehicles, covid cant be easily detected and easily avoided from a distance away.

Just like with the example of crossing the road, you can take precautions to mitigate risk factors.  Social distancing.  Wearing a mask.  Going to places where you feel safe.  Not ignoring obvious health concerns.  Taking vitamins.  Eating healthy.  Exercising.  The list of ways that you can mitigate COVID is extensive.  

For example, if I'm outside at my son's baseball game, I can effectively social distance and so I don't feel that something like wearing a mask is mitigating any meaningful risk.  If I'm sitting on a bus on the way to work where I can't control the environment in any way, there are increased risks so I may take additional precautions.  I might move to a different area of the bus if an area is congested.  When I get off the bus, I'll wash my hands with soap or at the very least with sanitizer.  

This is all extremely simple concepts to help mitigate the chances of you getting COVID.  

&gt;If covid somehow wasn't infectious and you were just risking your own life, you'd have a good point here.

The point is perfectly valid.  The idea that you can dismiss your own responsibility in any of these cases because of COVID is just wrong.  You are responsible for your own actions whether you want to blame others or not.  The sooner you realize it the better.  COVID doesn't care who you blame.
