&gt; No, I'm just not going to waste my time reading and responding to you. You are not the harbringer of ideas, you're just a little man who's obsessed with politics and attaches himself to a dying ideology. I have better things to do than to talk to someone who ignores half of what I say and has lost the context of the words I've written. I don't care for such bad faith argumentation.

Yeah because you lost and you have no way of making the claims you do about anarchy without yourself becoming authoritarian.

&gt; There are better ways to learn than from a man as obtuse and dull as you who's main project here is to desperately try to confuse anarchists into being Marxists while having so little actual knowledge of both anarchism and my own ideology that they think I support direct democracy. How are you supposed to succeed if you A. don't know anything about anarchism and B. go into it demanding that it isn't different from Marxism or that it's illogical? It appears you're just a stupid mother-fucker

Nah I already clarified the direct democracy thing youre just being a liar and in bad faith at this point. And yet theres still no example of irreoncilabities between anarchism and Marxism so it seems you have failed to prove this point throughout the entire debate.

&gt; A man who thinks everyone in China accepts Marxism let alone knows anything other than that it exists and that they adhere to your very specific variant of it (when their Marxism is nothing more than red-colored nationalism). A man who is so delusional and ignorant that they'd patron a dying political party they aren't even a part of. I can learn from people who are less decietful, ignorant, and intentionally dismissive of concerns than you. You're worse than me; at least I respond to everything other people write. At least I am willing to admit my faults in discourse.

You literally said you weren't gonna respond to what I said in that other comment chain. I ask again. Are you a bot dude? Id believe it. Explains a lot of the *not quite right* responses and how poor your reading comprehension as been. Im just trying to make sense of the daftness demonstrated by you.

Oh and obviously not everyone, duh lol I never said that.

&gt; This will undoubtedly hurt you because it is nothing more than the truth. I wondered why you intentionally ignored my comments, the parts where I talked about my activities, why you took my comments out of context. I know why. You have no real way of addressing what I said in full. This entire conversation, even the idea that anarchism and Marxism share goals (which relied on you refusing to properly define the relationship between dialectical materialism and science) is purely was always in bad faith.

Dude Reddit comments suuuuuuck for debate. Im saying the exact same thing you are in this paragraph right back at you. Which is why we should actually have a VERBAL debate on discord.

&gt; This has always been desperate for you. I haven't insulted you besides dismissing your ideology and yet you go ballistic when I do. It appears to me that you're not as comfortable in your beliefs as I am. I am perfectly willing to go do something else with full faith in my own ideas; regardless of whether you understand them at all.

Nah you've been insulting since the beginning and now you are denying it when its literally timestamped in our comments. Once again I have proven the lies from your mouth.

&gt; It's odd how you ascribe my having of a life and a desire to do other things than talk with a brick wall as being an example of anarchism. Especially given that you still don't know anything anarchism to such an extent that any conversation about it with you goes nowhere because you always assume what anarchism is. And then you complain when anarchists don't bother explaining it to you, lie that no one on these forums has tried to explain it. How do you know what's an example of anarchism if you don't know what anarchism is?

Oh Im not allowed to draw conclusions about all anarchists by how you're acting but you are about Marxists? Pretty authoritarian bruh.

&gt; Perhaps this is an example of anarchism. An example of disassociating with someone as pitiful, stupid, and dull as you, a person liked by nobody and relies on delusions to keep them going. A person whose completely committed to a cult and is incapable of recognizing that they are. There are always better things to do. You are worth ignoring not debating or conversing, just like what people have done to you your entire life.

Cool, more anarchist harassment. And you are using anarchy to justify it, very interesting.

&gt; In a sense, I am doing exactly what you told me to do (which I was already doing more than you but I digress). I am leaving my computer and pursuing what I want to pursue. You can stay here and respond to what I wrote because you don't have a life outside of reddit. Let it all out, I won't listen.

At least I know I can come to your comments when I wanna scream into the void since you'll be off building anarchy in Syria I dont wanna see you again until you're finished. Thank you bye
