&gt;From fertilization to 8 weeks, it's an embryo. Not a young human. After that it's a fetus. Not a young human.

Objectively false and ignorant of scientific fact.

Your examples are referring to young organisms of the species Homo sapiens in various stages of life.  We do not change species mid-lifespan.  Saying a young human is not a young human is pure absurdity at odds with reality on planet Earth.  I have no idea how you are trying to categorize sufficiently young humans as magically somehow not a member of our species, but whatever method it is, it isn't using scientific fact.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Second, you claiming that hypocrisy isn't relevant doesn't make it so.

I dispelled the very idea of you calling treating folks the same across the board as "hypocrisy," which is why the absurdist thing you said is not so.  You might want to look up the meaning of that word and then grab a thesaurus and look for antonyms, because that is what universal standards for everyone would be described by.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;"My body, my choice" isn't something you can co-opt to avoid wearing a mask or getting vaccinated.

Why not use it where it actually has relevance, as opposed to abortion where it has none whatsoever?

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Forcing women to carry an unwanted fetus to term then denying to provide support for that child is barbaric.

You have a very warped view of things.

An individual refraining from attacking and killing innocent human beings is not barbarism; **doing so is "barbaric."**

A government refraining from stealing property from one citizen just to turn around and give it to someone else is just; doing so is tyrannical.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Your objection is a moral and religious one, not a legal or medical one. Neither Texas nor America is a theocracy, and forcing your religious beliefs on anyone is still unconstitutional.

You are just... so incredibly wrong.  I am an atheist.  I don't have religious beliefs.  I don't want a theocracy.  I don't know what the hell you are talking about, and I don't think you do either.

Not once have I employed a religious argument in this regard, yet you assume this nonsense appropriate of nothing.

Yes, I have values, such as supporting equality and human rights, and pro-aborts support neither of those things.

My objections are based on science and supporting enshrining our natural, unalienable human rights such as the right to life in law, and not just referenced in the Declaration of Independence which doesn't have legal weight.  It really should have "gone without saying," but people like you exist and because of that we have to explicitly put those rights into the Constitution via amendment.

Meanwhile, the Constitution currently says nothing about abortion.  We should fix that with an amendment banning the practice, like the 13th, and for virtually the same reason, with the same language, to end a horrible human rights abuse.
