&gt;However, the locals will never get an opportunity if they are not aware of those opportunities. You can't just want higher wages and better jobs, without people that have skills. So how do you increase skill in the population?

Sorry, but this is the most patronizing bullshit of all time. The problem isn't that native Miamians don't know that high-skill careers exist, and for the ones that that's true, you aren't spending time with them and don't know they exist because they live in a completely different world than you. The problem isn't a lack of awareness - these people aren't idiots and know how to Google shit. The problem is not enough opportunities to increase skills. 

How do you increase skills? You provide resources for education and a job market that prioritizes locals over hiring from outside.

&gt;I'm as much a part of the community as anyone at this point and have as much vested interest as anyone else.

Yeah? Name a high school without Googling.

&gt;That is unfortunate, and that will continue unless Miami opens their eyes and sees opportunity.

Again, you're not some kind of super genius that sees opportunity that other people miss. Everyone sees the opportunity. They just don't have the same opportunity to pursue the opportunity you pursued. Your entire mindset appears to be some "noble savage" shit.

&gt;That is, they see us tech workers as someone they can learn from, show the path, create businesses and help them

But you tech workers don't do any of these things. Driving a nice car and living in a nice condo isn't inspiring or showing people the path. Circlejerking yourselves at a tech meetup isn't teaching. Creating a business doesn't do shit if you don't commit to hiring locals. You talk a big game about all these great things tech workers *could* do, but what have you actually done to improve wages for the people who you're displacing?

&gt;and expecting status quo all the while complaining why wages aren't increasing.

Again, you're missing the point. You ARE the status quo. You think this wave of tech bros is the first group of people to figure out that Miami is a cheap place for remote workers? Hell, that was old when I moved to Miami 6 years ago. The status quo is importing rich douchebags (myself included) and stuffing them into cheap luxury condos and hoping that somehow prosperity will osmose out through magical thinking and luxury car sales. And that's not how it works.

&gt;What you are asking for is segregating, because you only see the short term price increases, not the long term benefits of having skilled people being part of the community. 

No, what I'm asking for is for the city and county to spend money on affordable education and local entrepreneurship, because importing workers from elsewhere does not build community wealth and actually causes segregation through gentrification.

&gt;and now you are getting the start of that with people that are skilled and moving here. They will create opportunities and spread it. 

No, they won't. How arrogant and ignorant of Miami's history do you have to be to think that you are the first skilled worker to ever move to Miami? The only reason you bothered moving here in the first place is because many many waves of prior skilled migrants moved down first and necessitated the building of the services and luxury condos that you just assume were sitting there waiting for you. Your entire argument is premised on the assumption that this hasn't happened like clockwork every couple of years for the last thirty years and you're the first person to figure this out, or else that it'll be totally different when you do it because you're the specialest!

&gt;After all, how do you suppose you nurture local talent, when the skilled people aren't here?

By giving them an education and support. No one needs you to nurture them. They need a high school that has enough computers for everyone and a top tier local university that's affordable.

There's a reason the areas around FSU and UCF are crawling with well-compensated engineers and tech companies while Miami isn't, and it has nothing to do with bringing in people.

&gt;Miami has a great opportunity right now than ever in technology, because remote work is on the rise.

I'm glad that you finally discovered remote work, I really am, and I'm happy that you think that this is some amazing new thing, but you're at least a decade too late.
