&gt;Sorry, but this is the most patronizing bullshit of all time. The problem isn't that native Miamians don't know that high-skill careers exist, and for the ones that that's true, you aren't spending time with them and don't know they exist because they live in a completely different world than you. The problem isn't a lack of awareness - these people aren't idiots and know how to Google shit. The problem is not enough opportunities to increase skills. 

It wasn't meant as patronizing, and it's unfortuante you took it that way. See my [comment here](https://old.reddit.com/r/Miami/comments/ppokou/in_the_south_florida_market_the_average_rent_for/hd8njp4/) to get to what I'm coming from. It has more to do with just being surrounded by that environment to not only inspire you, but also pave the way.

&gt;How do you increase skills? You provide resources for education and a job market that prioritizes locals over hiring from outside.

Honestly, that's part of it, but a lot of time, it's because people here about them. It doesn't mean they will take action. If you are surrounded by it, you are far more likely to take action. Why do you think concentrated areas get even more concentrated?

&gt;Yeah? Name a high school without Googling.

Unfortunately, I do not have kids. However, that is a ridiculous way of measuring if people are part of the community. 

&gt;Again, you're not some kind of super genius that sees opportunity that other people miss. Everyone sees the opportunity. They just don't have the same opportunity to pursue the opportunity you pursued. Your entire mindset appears to be some "noble savage" shit.

Looking at people this way isn't going to help you. Heck, the opportunity is everywhere. Plenty of people have educated themselves online. There are plenty of free resources, and let alone low cost options including "scholarships". There are plenty of remote jobs in IT and software engineering. So you tell me, why aren't you all pursuing this? 

Why is it not an opportunity for you all today?

&gt;But you tech workers don't do any of these things. Driving a nice car and living in a nice condo isn't inspiring or showing people the path. Circlejerking yourselves at a tech meetup isn't teaching. Creating a business doesn't do shit if you don't commit to hiring locals. You talk a big game about all these great things tech workers could do, but what have you actually done to improve wages for the people who you're displacing?

I drive an old Toyota Corolla 2010'. To some that may be a nice car, but hardly what you are describing.

&gt; Creating a business doesn't do shit if you don't commit to hiring locals. You talk a big game about all these great things tech workers could do, but what have you actually done to improve wages for the people who you're displacing?

Let me ask you this, what have you done?

It's a collective thing and the responsibility is on the community overall, which I'm a part of. A lot of this is also indirect. It's not like silicon valley just came out of thin air. It's something that was cultivated and spread. San Francisco for instance didn't always used to be a tech center, but rather San Jose. Today it's different.

&gt;Again, you're missing the point. You ARE the status quo. You think this wave of tech bros is the first group of people to figure out that Miami is a cheap place for remote workers? Hell, that was old when I moved to Miami 6 years ago. The status quo is importing rich douchebags (myself included) and stuffing them into cheap luxury condos and hoping that somehow prosperity will osmose out through magical thinking and luxury car sales. And that's not how it works.

That's because you insulate yourself in "luxury condos". Here is an example, I'm in Miami Beach. It's pretty nice area, but the schools here are complete shit show. Poorly rated. Extremely surprising considering the home prices. Why do you think that is the case?

&gt;No, what I'm asking for is for the city and county to spend money on affordable education and local entrepreneurship, because importing workers from elsewhere does not build community wealth and actually causes segregation through gentrification.

It can be, yes. However, investing in affordable education and local entrepreneurship doesn't necessarily mean it will be successful either. Furthermore, it's not an either or. Why can't you do both?

I think people forget what America has always been about. It was about the American dream, and immigration. 

&gt;No, they won't. How arrogant and ignorant of Miami's history do you have to be to think that you are the first skilled worker to ever move to Miami? The only reason you bothered moving here in the first place is because many many waves of prior skilled migrants moved down first and necessitated the building of the services and luxury condos that you just assume were sitting there waiting for you. Your entire argument is premised on the assumption that this hasn't happened like clockwork every couple of years for the last thirty years and you're the first person to figure this out, or else that it'll be totally different when you do it because you're the specialest!

What I'm hearing from you is that you are set in your ways. Refuse to see opportunity. People that succeed are those that does things. Not those that are naysayers. Naysayers don't succeed in anything. 

&gt;By giving them an education and support. No one needs you to nurture them. They need a high school that has enough computers for everyone and a top tier local university that's affordable.

Dude. We spend plenty of funds on education. That's not the problem. Money isn't the issue. 

&gt;I'm glad that you finally discovered remote work, I really am, and I'm happy that you think that this is some amazing new thing, but you're at least a decade too late.

Sigh. You are set in your ways, and thinking. I get it. 

No point in debating if you are already set in your ways. If you are set in your way of being a naysayer, then I move on to those that are interested. 🤷‍♂️
