Yes!!! I agree 100%. Took a huge bong rip of some top shelf weed after coming out of a full blown psychosis.. like a really bad one. Where I hallucinated dozens of people in my house, even police. I ran down the street. Got sent to the hospital, it was bad. But as I was saying... got home from the ER. Took a huge bong rip, and I very quickly became very confused and unaware of my surroundings. My mom happens to call my phone just as this was happening, and I can remember it exactly, I was sitting in my living room on the couch, and I pick up the phone and ask her “who’s kitchen am i in?” She told me I was in my house... and I just couldn’t get a hold of where I was. Asked again “yeah but who’s kitchen am I in?” *long pause* and I could sense her worry about my mental health in that very moment. And followed up with another stupid question “do I sound like I’m on drugs?” And she softly replies.. “well no... but you sound really confused” and that was almost comforting to hear because that’s exactly what I was! I replied “I am. I just don’t know where I am”. She then asked if she could drive to my house to sit with me, and I very eagerly welcomed it. After all I was extremely out of it, and that’s a little scary. She then told me one last thing before coming over and that was “DO NOT GO OUTSIDE” it was the coldest night of the year that night, and my very recent hospital trip from psychosis happened because I was outside in the cold and layed down on the sidewalk, until a passerby saw me and thought I was having a seizure. I reassured her I wouldn’t go outside. The 15-20 mins it took for her and my dad to drive over, was the perfect amount of time I apparently needed to lay down and close my eyes and fall asleep. Waking up to them knocking on my front door. No longer disassociated with my surroundings. 
I don’t think my parents really believed me when I told them that episode happened from taking way too big of a bong rip. Because like... how could weed do that? BUT IT DID.
