It seems that at one point you did like the guy, right? There are some things you like, and then you have found some things you didn't like. Isn't that what most relationships are, mix of things we like about someone and things we learn to deal with, accept or solve them in some way? I don't think you should feel obliged to be friends because of his mental state, friendship should be reasonably enjoyable for both of you. But, what if something in you is triggered and it made you lost the ability to see him in the same way as it was in the beginning?

  
Things you have mentioned as annoying, and please, don't get me wrong, but they sound quite superficial to me. Some of them appear like something that you should communicate to him. Maybe he will have no problem to adapt. Did you tell him that standing close bothers you at all? Is him having no backbone as in sushi situation is not a significant moral flow, something that can hurt you? Does it makes him a bad person? I would understand if you have noticed that he lies intentionally to get some kind of advantage, if he is a manipulative person, if he is hurting other people, but you have described pretty harmless person that has problems but still tries to be nice to people around him, to the best of his abilities. One of the things you have mentioned as paranoid is not even really irrational completely - a lot of people who are vaccinated have still got covid, including Dr K, right? Everything is subjective and I do understand that those things are bothering you, but are they really so offensive and hard on you? What if something else is in play?

You should not feel obliged and forced to be friends with him, and you are not his parent or therapist. Sometimes it is hard to define the boundaries of friendship. But this situation can possibly be much more important for you than you think. My own experience is that when we have strong reactions and dislikes to people who we have met and previously liked, that is often because we share personality traits with them, traits we dislike in ourselves. Those kind of people have conflicts, weaknesses and problems we have too, but much more exaggerated, more visible. In those kind of situations in the past I have felt anger, disdain, I was repulsed because those were things I hated about myself or felt these problems are kind of under control in my case but other person can't do that. I was judgmental and irritated. In those cases that person was a mirror to myself, really unlikable mirror because I was trying to run away from "weak", "unlovable" "socially awkward" myself. I was trying to be a cool dude, to hang out with people who will raise my image and social standing, who will make me feel better about myself, and there was this guy, like some kind of repulsive caricature of myself that makes me nervous, that can't control his impulses the way I am managing, that shows all the weakness I have spent years learning how to hide.

  
In my case I ghosted and run. I thought it was better for me, that it was justified because this other person doesn't want to change and is beyond help. 

Today I see I could have just communicated how I feel, keep healthy distance and enjoy the part of that person that I have liked when I met him. Instead I went through the phase of acting like his psychiatrist, becoming focused only on bad things, getting frustrated and then finally run from him. My fear of ending like him in life, to be perceived by other people like he was perceived by me, to be judged by being other people based on being in his company made me totally blind and unaware of my projections. It took years until it dawned on me that it was all about me, not about him.

If what I have said is applicable to you, it still doesn't mean you are not a decent person or that you should force yourself to be his friend. I think most of the people have this kind of impulses. But I do think you can actually learn a lot about yourself by spending some time with him and be aware what is happening inside of you. Communicate clearly but respectfully what is bothering you, be open, and put some boundaries if you need it. Be reasonably helpful but do not take responsibility for his life. Think about what is good about this relationship and what you can give and what you can learn. Not all relationships are there to be enjoyable all of the time. Some things can make us feel uncomfortable, but if the other guy is not inherently bad person, maybe it's us an not them, and we can use the situation to learn something new and free ourselves. Make sure you are not trying to run from what you see in the mirror!
