This and many other polls like it just go to demonstrate what the rest of the nation knew already: the ideology of the Republican Party has become a minority. Only through concerted efforts on behalf of the GOP in gerrymandering and dominance of extreme rural states have they managed to retain the extent of power they still maintain. Roughly 25% of this nation still buy into the core tenants that the GOP spout off directly or indirectly: 'Pro-life', 'Pro-capitalism' and 'Pro-Religion'. Its no surprise that that 25% so represented also coincides with that portion of the nation who are equally sexist, racist and ignorant of the world outside their own personal bubbles who lack even an ounce of empathy in most matters. Does that describe all of them? No. Of course not. Just the overwhelming majority of them. You still have some of that group (and even more beyond that 25%) who cling to the GOP for that "single issue" they believe will make or break the entire world. 

It can only be hoped that the growing discontent among real conservatives has shown them exactly what the Republican Party has become as these extremists have become more vocal among their membership. They're no longer hinting at the 'quiet part' but proclaiming it loudly and as their core message. A lot of those who voted Republican could continue to vote for them through their own plausible deniability. "I didn't vote for them due to them being racists or sexists.. I voted for them because of taxes! Or the economy! Or.. whatever.."

That blindfold has been ripped away and the truth is in pure black and white. Sure, they can continue to mouth the words and cling to that illusion, but those who haven't drank the entire glass of Kool-Aid are forced to realized that no one will believe their shit anymore. They can continue to quietly accept it and vote with the GOP still.. but they can't cheer about it as they used to and still wrap themselves in holier-than-thou fabric. That's a bitter pill some are finding they can't swallow. The only question going forward is will it be enough to drive the GOP into the minority where they belong in politics. History being any indication.. not without a fight I'm sure.
