A rather large group of people took great pleasure in hacking someone. A popular bully decided that their latest victim was so weak and ignorant that they could do anything they wanted, for as long as they wanted, as openly as they wanted. We're not talking just a simple hack. This is systematic breach of civil rights and federal laws taking place over a period of years.

See, this group preyed on person's good nature, hacked her phones (yes plural). Set up a smear campaign, and so much more. Then they talked smack to her fully admitting to a number of their crimes. 

What we have here is what I like to call a light bulb moment. A particular member of the group loves to go overboard with their abusive rhetoric. Last night that person was told a few keys phrases that might have let slip just how obvious, traceable, illegal, and potentially damaging to the group their actions really are.

A key bit of info was dropped last night. After conferring with one another the team thinks that further obfuscation of their activities is necessary. Waste of time but even so there are protocols. You're gonna see a lot of people metaphorically 'running for the hills' today. 

We've now gotten to my favorite part of K-Dramas! Will the group of bullies realize just how far away from dry land they are? Do they have a realistic take on how deep the water is? Will they lash out? Will they attempt make amends? This is the critical moment folks!! The *hunters* paused briefly to gloat after breaking federal law for the third time this week! There was something about the steely resolve, and the no nonsense confidence that could be heard in the voice of their prey that has the senior members of the pack spooked. 

They had to stop and ask themselves, did they catch themselves in time? 

I don't know but I wonder. You gotta give it up for the underdog folks! They don't know what, they don't know when, they don't know how, because all they were concerned with was a a why! You know what that means ladies and gentlemen? At some point during the last few rushes the pack's star group of beloved *hunters* FINALLY noticed that they had actually become ***the hunted***!!!!!!

[Naturally the crowd, theater, peanut gallery, is gonna go wild.] Now these next few plays are crucial and could make or break the pack for good!! Ego trips, wild outbursts, and potentially career ending mistakes are sure to follow!!
