To answer the question addressed first I would say that the Jesus in Gnosticism and Orthodoxy are painted differently. Most the Gnostics schools would have been inspired by the teachings of Jesus and analyzed them through different interpretations. The early Church fathers would have been very much Messianic Jews and would have adhered to the Torah, Nevi'im, Ketuvim and Megillah. However early Gnostics would gave been Greco-Egyptian with some Jews ethically assimilated into society. 

Logion 27 of Thomas traditional reads: 

"If you do not make the sabbath "sabbath", you will not see the father". 

This can be understood that if one doesn't keep the sabbath they will not be admitted to experiencing the presence of the father. 

I read a commentary on the Gospel of Thomas that had this paraphrased translation below: 

"If you pass from sabbath to sabbath all of you will not perceive the heart of The Father."

Here Logion 27 is referring to "time", from week to week in that one observes the ritual of the sabbath although doesn't put it into daily practice therefore cannot perceive the heart of the Father. 

It can be interpreted many ways with the heart being everything from judgement to compassion to the Pleroma; whatever one perceives the "heart of the Father" to be. The perception of time here could be moment to moment; it is open ended how one wants to understand it for themselves. 

Some have an extreme take that the sabbath shouldn't be observed in a traditional sense with lamb of god, animal sacrifices, found in the ancient customs of the Abrahamic religions; not adhering to the customs of the Old Testament. 

Translation 3: 

"If you bear the fruits sabbath to sabbath you will not see the Judgment (heart) of the Father."

In this case "the fruits" or eipe in coptic can also be translated as "to befall". Here the fruits are a metaphor to a sinful befall. In other words sinful actions that continue from week to week will prevent ones ultimate salvation and condemn them to the infernal realms or the cycle of reincarnation depending on your belief. Heart of the father can be viewed in other ways as it saying that sin itself deters one from understanding and perceiving the divine. 

"But you have to become like the Jews..."

This statement in another translation is written as, 
"You do not realize who I am from what I say to you. Rather you have become like the Judeans, for they love the tree but hate his fruit, or they love the fruit but hate the tree."

This statement has some antisemitic connotations to it, not gonna lie, but it is Christian based. Not saying all Jews are this way. It says something along the lines of one becomes "like" the Jews rather than one has to become a Jew. 

There is more to the passage than what I previously mentioned although it more or less is a messianic passage suggesting that there are those that pass by without realizing or acknowledging that Jesus is the Jewish Messiah. As for the fruit part here some view it from a Naasene or Ophite lense that the knowledge of the fruit through the serpent was a blessing in disguise rather than it being entirely a mistake. Rather than one being naive and unaware of good and evil one has now obtained the gnosis of what conduct is or the nature of good and evil. Now they know!
