Sorry for the late answer. I went to bed and went straight to work after, but here I am. I hope this makes sense and I used correct wording. Im about to go to bed again and pretty tired + I just kept rambling about the "submission weakness" part

&gt; Yes, I do find submission a form of weakness to a degree. 

This is my personal opinion on submission here. (Not just the "usual submission" in "normal" relationships but also focusing on the dom/sub dynamic often found in BDSM relationships) 

_[skip if not interested, it's also very long]_

I view it as strengh under control. Submission is a choice. You're free to do whatever you desire, whenever you choose to, but yet with all your freedom you choose to give yourself to another person

Putting your body in the hands of someone else takes balls, strengh, self-preservation. Submitting to someone means you have absolute trust in the other person and are okay with being vurnerable.
As a person that is dominant you have to earn submission, because you have to earn their trust 

Ex: If you were driving with a person you barely know and you get tired. Not too bad, but it would propably be good to have someone else driving. Would you let the person you barely know drive the car while you're asleep and unaware of your surroundings? Most people won't. But now imagine you're in a car with someone you know and cherish. You get tired. The person next to you is a great driver and has earned your trust. The chances that you will let the person drive while you sleep next to them is higher. You're willing to take the risk. The risk that something could happen, accidentally, or the family member/friend you trust and love might decide to betray and harm you somehow 

Submission is power, a power that doesn't come without risk. You could get hurt, betrayed or abused in certain situations. If we go to an extreme and say you are fully tied up, not able to defend yourself in any way if the other person chose to use their power over you to harm you - You're defenceless. Yet you still take the risk because you have the ability to fully trust the person you're with. Trusting someone and being vurnerable to that degree isn't an easy task for many. (it took me 3 years before I was able to even cry I front of my wife without feeling shame or embarrassment) 

Besides that, there are many cases where people that submit to someone sexually are people in powerful positions. Giving away control and letting themselves be fully vurnerable is liberating to them. A contrast to their usual daily life, therapeutic or healing even. They are far from being weak. (Though I get that seeing submission as weakness doesn't mean you see the whole person as weak) 

As men especially, giving yourself to someone by submitting is something we're being looked down upon. There is an internal conflict many men have to fight, figure out and accept before being able to submit - which takes courage to do

❕ Another approach would be: Weakness is a condition of lacking strength. It's a state of being, not a decision. On the other hand, if I'm engaging with a superior force (police, a boss etc) I might choose to submit. 
When you look at submission as a conscious choice and weakness as a condition, it is easier to see them for the separate entities they are. Healthy submission resulting from conscious decisions can open pathways to fully enriched experiences 

If you do accidentally submit to the wrong person or if you submit because you feel the need to be under someone else's control, that's when abuse is most likely to happen though 

[submission =/= obedience ](https://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-submission-and-vs-obedience/ )

When the dynamic of my wife and I's relationship was a bit different I viewed her submission as a gift. I gave her tasks, punishments and rewards, but I wouldn't have had that power without her submission*. I had power because she allowed me to have it. She belonged to me not simply because I said so, but because she had the will and strengh to let me experience her a way nobody else ever would. The strong woman that would order everyone around at work and not let anyone push her around

"Submission doesn't mean weakness; it means exploring your wants and desires and being strong enough to give control of yourself to someone else."
― Melinda Barron 

(*I'm aware that for someone to submit there has to be someone to be dominant. I'm just so flashed(?) by the act of submission, possibly because I would never bring up the courage to completely submit the way my wife and other prior partners did to me)

➖

➖

➖

➖

➖

➖

&gt; I’ve just seen too much. Coworkers crying on my shirt because she regrets all the things she did for a man who ghosted her after some fun. 

I get what you mean but she could've also been fucked over by a man she had sex with without being the submissive part. And being ghosted by a him puts the dude in the position of an asshole or someone who can't deal with confrontation, not her as weak by submitting to him (imo). The responsibility lays on the man that did wrong, not the woman that's the victim. He made the decision to use her trust to be an ass and hurt her 

&gt; What was supposed to be FWB (friend with benefits) went south. She loved him. He only liked her. Turned out he liked a lot of ladies there and them to him. She detailed all the things she regretted as I stood there silently. 

But what does this has to do with her submitting to him? Imagine a man and a woman having FWB, the guy being the more dominant part and the woman being submissive. He catches feelings but she doesn't feel the same. He finds out she sleeps with multiple men and he feels crushed 

&gt; Multiply that by seven sisters. It’s such a weird mental double standard, because the women my age I see our sex as wonderful. All the explicit things that entails. When they prefer rough I find that strong. When they can dish it out just as well as they can take it aggression wise my respect goes way up. I don’t know. 

I'm still wondering what your exact issue is with your daughter having that type of sex when you seem to have a healthy view about it. Is it the fear of how other men will view her? The situations she might get in? More generally, an awkward realisation that your daughter looks similar to the girls you used to be attracted to when you were younger? Having your babygirl grow to become a woman? You just wanting to protect her from possible harm? 

&gt; YES!!! Very, very similar to the thought of ones parents going at it. Repulsed, as I am. Quite normal there, which is why I don’t understand the abnormality attached to be repulsed by the thought of my daughter doing it. 

Isn't this a topic you can talk with some of your 7 sisters about? Seems like female imput could be helpful, especially since they might've encountered e.g. male partners that had issues with the idea of their possible future daughter having sex 

&gt; While I will be there for her in many ways, conversations surrounding sexual situations with any boyfriend can be NOPED straight to her mom 

A "no, talk to your mother about that!" can create shame and stigma around the topic and make it seem like something she can't trust you with or she might feel like this is a topic she shouldn't talk about with a man an is for "girls/women only" when it's something that she should be able to talk about no matter the other person's gender 

&gt; Just as I’d imagine my wife wouldn’t want to hear about the exploits of her son, 

There are multiple studies about parents educating their children about sex. One of them was the one by [University hospitals of Lausanne and Zurich](https://www.tagblatt.ch/leben/die-verlegenheit-der-vater-ld.1098813) in 2018, attended by 7142 young people between the ages of 24-26. A majority of them stated that they talked about their sexuality mainly with friends (37%) in their childhood and adolescence. In second place came the mothers (22.4%). The fathers (3.7%) ended up behind on one of the lowest ranks 

If the job is being done and the child is getting educated, no matter if son or daughter, it's usually the mother having these conversations. Your wife might be less inhibited to teach your son about sex than you think 

&gt; but I’d be able to speak to him from the perspective of our gender, just as she could to the daughter. 

Yes and that's important. What is also important though, is that they can have a perspective from the other sex 

Especially when your child is 13+ it's not enough to explain the biological processes and prevent unwanted pregnancies or sexually transmitted diseases. It's about more: about sexting/flirting, intimacy, consent, sexual and gender identity, boundaries, equality between men and women in bed, masturbation, sexual arrousal, attraction, romance/love/relationships etc etc 

You as a man have different viewpoints on these topics than her mother does. You don't experience intimacy or arousal the same way a female does.
There is input you can give her that her mother won't be able to give but will be important if she chooses to date or sleep with men.
Her mother's perspective will be similar to the one her mother has, you can give the perspective closer to her male partners, which leads to her having more understanding about certain things

&gt; Only cross pollination would occur if any man didn’t have her consent. At that point, yes someone’s head is literally getting slapped off. 

understandable and not disagreeing 

&gt; Beyond that, I’d not deliberately behave in ways that would negatively influence people my daughter pursued. What I would do, is ensure her boyfriend knew he’s to respect her, treat her right and definitely take his shoes off when in her daddy’s house. Just as I’d pop the back of my sons head if I found out he’s a player who doesn’t treat women correctly, and wouldn’t tolerate disrespectful behavior from any woman he brought to my home. 

👏
