Everybody knows that we're human beings. From a Christian's perspective we could call ourselves human spiritual beings.

The human part, is your physical body. Including your mind. Your body could be described as your Earth suit.

Your spirit, is the other part of yourself that's not physical, but it's everything else they can actually live forever. How you get to recognize your spirit, is that it is that part of your mind that isn't just your brain.

So I just drew a distinction between mind and brain. Kind of funny huh.

Let me try to describe it a little different.

You know that desire that you have in you to experience the freedom in this life to cause and create something wonderful for other people and yourself? That desire comes from the Holy Spirit. That is your spirits natural desire. When scripture talks about God's will for your life, this is what God's will is for your life. God wants you to experience the freedom in this life to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for other people and yourself. You know, the wonderful stuff.

But your body comes with a desire all of his own. And it's completely different than the desire that the Holy Spirit and your spirit has.

Your body simply desires to not die. Your body does everything it possibly can, and it's number one job is to make sure it does not die.

The way he does this is by making sure that the body is feeling good, looking good and being wise and aware. Because your body knows that the more you feel bad, look bad and are being unwise and unaware, the closer you're getting to dying. Which is what your body does not want.

So the question is how can you tell the difference between the two?

We've already recognized that your body uses its brain. And in this particular case there's actually a part of your brain called the amygdala. It is your amygdala's job to make sure your body does not die. It's kind of a cool little Walnut shaved a little tiny reptilian part of your brain.

So your body's going to use part of your brain to make sure it does not die. But then you get the rest of your mind to be able to work on the things that really matter in life. What really matters in life is not what we can sense with our five senses, it's what we can experience and what we can cause and create for those around us.

The easy way to tell the difference between the two. Is that if you're feeling bad, looking bad or being obviously unwise and not aware, the thoughts that are going through your head are your bodies thoughts. Directly. Your body is going to start trying to figure out how can get back to feeling good looking good and being good. Otherwise it's going to fear death. Or all the unpleasantnesses that go before you die.

My spirit can either be alive. Or it could be dead. Or it can be somewhere in between. Scripture says that when sin is fully complete... Blah blah blah. Which is just an indicator that there's a process going on.

So if you have a desire within you to cause and create something wonderful for somebody. That's your spirit's desire to cause and create something wonderful for somebody. And that's in line with what God would want you to do. That's what scriptures are talking about doing good works. Producing good fruit. Overcoming strongholds. Becoming sanctified. Following the instructions that teach you how to become more righteous. All of that... Are things that your spirit wants to do. Because it wants to maintain its ability to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and yourself.

And you're already aware there's that there are certain ways that you can think, and there are certain things that you can do, that can interfere with, and limit or eliminate your ability to experience the type of freedom I'm talking about.

Here's a fun thing just a note.

If you are walking in the freedom like I'm talking about, and you're causing and creating wonderful things for people, you're going to have the experience of feeling good, looking good and being considered wise and aware. It's a double whammy. Your spirit's happy and your body's happy. No issues.

But if your body starts to feel bad look bad and be considered unwise and unaware, the first thing it's going to think about doing, is fixing the problem. And it will do anything it needs to do in order to get back to feeling good looking good and being good. This is where temptation exists.

So let's say that somebody comes up to you smacks you across the face and says that you're a stupid idiot. Well that feels bad. He did it in front of people now you look bad. And if you don't handle this situation then you really are going to be a stupid idiot and you're going to be completely unwise and unaware of how to handle situations like this. So you better do something mister!!!!

If you retaliate, it is your body making a decision for you.

If you choose instead, to turn the other cheek... You're just exercised self-control and allowed your spirit to make a decision. Instead of letting your body make a decision.

One of the easy ways to tell what is your body versus what is the Holy Spirit, is that your spirit always agrees with the Holy Spirit. One of the reasons why we allow the Holy Spirit to lead us and guide us and give us instructions in righteousness, and teach us about what's written in scripture. Specifically talking about the teachings of Christ. So that our spirit can become alive in Christ. Because remember I said earlier that your spirit could also be dead. Or kind of sickly. 

So the way you can tell the two apart, who's doing the deciding? Especially when your body starts to feel bad... Who's doing the deciding?

It's okay to feel like you want to smack somebody back. That's just being tempted. But it's so much better for you if you turn your cheek because your spirit. That part in you that wants to cause and create something wonderful, chose not to harm the other person. So what you're doing instead is causing something potentially wonderful. At the least you're keeping yourself out of a situation where you could be doing yourself more harm than good. So maybe you're doing yourself a favor. Which is part of the Holy Spirit's desire for you you're allowed to do things wonderful for yourself. God loves that stuff.

A lot of people want to make the flesh the bad guy. The thing is though, is that the flesh is our Earth suit. You have to take care of your Earth suit. Otherwise you're going to start having a bad time here on this planet. If you don't take care of your suit, you might not get to stay here very long. If you don't take care of your Earth suit, you might lose a lot of your physical freedoms. And if you start to lose your physical freedoms it impedes a little bit on your spiritual freedoms.

Think of it this way, you see somebody up on the hillside dangling, and you happen to be driving when you saw them hanging by their fingertips. And you want to go help them. Do you want to do something wonderful for them. But your crippled from diabetes and he can't walk very much in your heart disease keeps you from being able to take more than 10 steps. There's no way you're going to be able to get up on that cliff and save them. And your cell phone is not working and there's nobody else around. because he didn't take care of your physical body. You just limited what your spiritual man can accomplish.

Remember the early rule I said is that you're ways of thinking and the things that you do can limit or eliminate the freedom you want to experience in life the most. Which is causing and creating wonderful things for other people and yourself.

Okay so I think you got it. That's my two 1962 pennies worth of thoughts for you. Please have a really great weekend?
