You've got two major different sets of desires going on within us.

Your body's desire, is to make sure that it does not die. It accomplishes this by making sure that it is feeling good, looking good and being wise and aware.

The moment the body starts to feel bad, look bad and see that it's being unwise and unaware, the body will do everything in his power to get back to feeling good, looking good and being wise and aware.

In contrast, you also have a huge desire to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and yourself.

This is a spiritual desire. And it is described in scriptures coming directly from the Holy Spirit. 

And it turns out that there is an overlap of what the body desires and what the spirit desires. In other words as long as you're feeling good, looking good and being wise and aware, you're probably also experiencing the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and yourself.

It is only when the body starts to feel bad look bad and be considered unwise and unaware, that you've run into a chance that instead of following the desires of your spirit you end up following the desires of your body.

What scripture is talking about giving up your will, it is very specifically talking about giving up your will to survive. That part of you that is doing everything in his power to make sure it does not feel bad, look bad and be considered unwise and unaware.

but because the desire to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people on your cells is exactly the same desire that the Holy Spirit has for your life, there's nothing about your will that needs to be giving up concerning this desire.

Now if it was just as easy as being able to always discern between the two desires, life would be sweet simple and easy.

But it takes some training to figure out am I trying to produce something wonderful for my family by working 120 hours a week so that I can get rich? Is that actually walking in freedom? Or not?

And this is where a scripture lets us know that we are to test all things and figure out what stuff works and what stuff doesn't work. What stuff is good and what stuff is not so good.

Okay that's about 2 cents worth. Hope you're having a great weekend!
