&gt;Yet you seem unable to explain why it is not a contradiction

I didn't know i need to explain obvious things. Which doesn't change the fact that Su saying that Kuvira is like a daughter to her in a conversation with someone who may not be aware of that, and Su calling Kuvira her daughter (pretty much) in a conversation with someone who is aware of that is not mutually exclusive. Kuvira doesn't have to be a "legitimized" Beifong for Su to refer to her as her daughter. It's like very close and best friends may call each other brothers (and i don't mean "bro" despite not being blood relatives).

&gt;Su had numerous occasions to introduce Kuvira as her child like after the dance recital or right after Opal left

The show itself didn't give Kuvira a proper introduction until the season finale, despite the fact that you can see and hear her like a dozen times in previous episodes. For whatever reason the writers wanted to do it later, after she saves Tonraq. That doesn't prove in any way that Kuvira wasn't considered a part of the family. Kuvira definitely got introduced to Kuvira off screen, since Korra knows who she is and that she saved her father despite not being there at the moment, and was convinced that they can talk it out as if they know each other personally to some degree.

&gt;Lin even comments it must be a nightmare to have 5 kids when she technically had 6 if you count Kuvira. Suyin doesn't bother to correct Lin about the number of kids she had

They had communication problems just in general, and since Lin is an actual Beifong, Su calling Kuvira her sixth child would confuse Lin and other people.

&gt;Toph doesn't live in Zaofu

That doesn't forbid Su from having her mother's photo.

&gt;Kuvira lived in Su's mansion since she was 8 yet not a single photo with her with the family

We only see one photo of the family, don't make it seem as if there were many and that it's demonstrative.

&gt;Su let Lin bark orders at her

Lin barks orders at everyone, including Su. And Su didn't even confront her when Lin lashed out at Opal, which was very out of place. Here it's justified, since everyone is stressed out, the orders are necessary, reasonable and urgent, not to mention it had nothing to do with raising her voice at Kuvira specifically (like with Opal) but yelling just in general, and Zaofu guards with Kuvira in charge majorly fucked up by letting the Red Lotus in and out of the city.

&gt;in addition to barking a few herself

I don't remember her "barking", but even if it happened once at some point, see above.

&gt;Except the entirety of Book 3 and Book 4

Not really. We didn't see their relationship, we barely see Kuvira and Su talk, but nothing we do see contradicts it.

&gt;How doesn't it? Elaborate

Here we go, explaining obvious things again. Baatar Jr. saying that Su considers herself enlightened, doesn't prove your and other Su haters' claim that she is "not as enlightened as she thinks or claims to be".

&gt;It is a baseless accusation to assume Kuvira convinced him of this

Well since both are baseless assumptions, don't try using one of them to support your claim. Because i can use the opposite one the same way.

&gt;There is is ample evidence that he is in his father's shadow. They have the same name, hobbies, and Jr worked as his father's lackey before running off with Kuvira

That doesn't prove that he had a problem with that until Kuvira's plot. He didn't seem to during the one fucking scene with zero lines that lasted a few seconds, that he had in the previous season. Not to mention that he engeneered all of his father's projects, so he wasn't in the back seat during their brain storms and developing technologies.

&gt;Baatar Jr. believed in the ideals as of the Earth Empire as much as Kuvira. He simply loved Kuvira far more than he loved their country while Kuvira placed her duties as leader above her personal life

So this is why as soon as Kuvira betrayed him, he stopped giving a single fuck about their country, empire and all the work they did, and immediately apologized to his mother, admitted that he betrayed the family and started helping the avatar oppose Kuvira. If he at least to some degree believed in the Earth Empire's ideals, not to mention as much as Kuvira does, that doesn't even remotely make any sense.

&gt;Kuvira placed her duties as leader above her personal life

Alot of people place their career above their personal life. But this is a very interesting way of avoiding saying that she tried to murder her fiance.

&gt;We see Suyin in a flashback banish only Kuvira

We only see Su talking to Kuvira. Because with the exception of her son there are no actual characters in the scene. And he left the scene before Su approached Kuvira. And after the conversation they left. And Su says "If you live now, you'll not be welcomed back", not specifying that she only talks about Kuvira or all of them.

&gt;They all left with Kuvira because they believed Zaofu should get involve and help the EK recover

Another baseless assumption. Even trying to conclude their opinion on the topic based on what Kuvira says to Su, which, as i said, is not reliable source of information, will not lead you to this assumption. You don't know what was going through Su's son's head, or any other person's head among those who left with Kuvira, they don't voice their opinions, there's nothing that would even imply anything about their motivation. They just follow Kuvira for a reason that was left unspecified and unconfirmed. So PLEASE stop making stuff up, it got old a few comments ago.

&gt;We'll we dont see her campaign so we dont how she slept

As much effort i put into arguing with people who call her a Hitler, even i'm not such an apologist to actually and seriously try to argue and convince someone that she's not that had of a person and that her actions bothered her.

&gt;Kuvira was not found guilty of slavery in court

Good for her. It still was a thing allowed and practiced in HER empire, and i find it hard to believe she didn't know anything about it. It's not exactly secret brainwashing experiments, it's impossible to hide, especially from the one in charge of everything. She's not the AtlA Earth King level dumb and unaware of what's going on.

&gt;Yes plague it's not like there wasnt a national healthcare system as there was no central government

Even with central government during the Queen's time there was no national heakthcare system, people in the lower ring lived in shit, the streets were stinking so much people a few hundred meters in the air felt it vividly. And there still was no plague.

&gt;She "betrayed" Su to help in a bid to help their country

No matter how many times you put the word into quotes, it's still a betrayal.

&gt;Not everyone can sit by and allow others to suffer

Which is why Kuvira went on and actively made alot of people to suffer.
