I want to distinguish two different things and then I'll give you my advice.

Going on within you right now you have a huge desire to experience the freedom to cause and create something wonderful for other people and yourself. This desire comes straight from the Holy Spirit. And it is your own spirit's desire. It just so happens that the holy spirit's desire and your desire are identical.

You have another set of desires going out within you. You have a desire to feel good and not feel bad. You have a desire to look good and not look bad. And you have a desire to be wise and aware and not be unwise and unaware.

This is an explanation of your fleshly desires. There's nothing wrong with these particular fleshly desires. It's only when we start to feel bad, look bad or be considered unwise and unaware, that we run the risk of allowing sin to enter into a life.

You've also already figured out that there are certain ways of thinking, and certain things you can do, that can interfere, and limit or eliminate your ability to experience the freedom you're looking to experience. And in every case these limitations are sourced from your flesh. (This is covered in James 1:14 Temptation comes from our own desires, which entice us and drag us away.)

So this is my advice.

It's your job to discern what's going on. Are you simply licking your wounds because your feelings have been hurt? Are you concerned that you look bad? Are you afraid that other people consider you to be unwise and unaware, or not wise enough or aware enough?

Cuz these come from your flesh. And if you recognize this is something that's coming from your flesh, now you know the appropriate action to take. And you don't need my advice.

The other thing to discern, is are you upset, because what you want to experience is the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and yourself? Even more specifically, are you desiring to experience the freedom to cause and create the experience of love, joy and peace for others and yourself?

These desires are all about what it is to be a Christian. What it is to fulfill your purpose while you're here. This is where we get the motivation and the instinct to produce the fruits of the Holy Spirit. When you're doing this, then you can say that you're doing it for the least of these my brethren. When you doing this this is when you can recognize that you're visiting the orphan and the widow and the reflection and your religion can be considered perfect.

If you recognize this is what's going on with you, when you don't need my advice. And you already know the appropriate action to take.

You have my prayers, my support, and my understanding. What you're going through isn't fun. But all of it is necessary.
