Well this response packed (again) with ad hominems and which completely ignores/distorts my points and questions strongly indicates that you're either arguing in bad faith.  Still I'll one more time do you the courtesy you consistently refuse me and address your actual comments.

&gt;You just admitted you'll never believe experts, and the same logic of yours can be used with placebos and prayer "as why would they be used if not effective"

Seems your reading comprehension needs some work as well.  I never said anything remotely like I'll "never believe experts" - I have directed you to academic papers written by experts which you have completely ignored because of your strong bias.  An expert is anyone who has done substantial study and work in their field and is highly knowledgeable in it.  You seem to think "expert" only means "expert with a public platform", which is not the case - those are just the subset of experts whose views are amenable to those with money and power.

The difference between placebos/prayers (or your original highly ignorant comparison, cow dung) and ivermectin is that there is actually strong evidence that ivermectin helps in treating covid, it just isn't definitive.  You treat "some good but not definitive evidence for x" and "no evidence for x" as if they were the same thing, which is just further evidence of your blinkered black and white thinking.

&gt;Theres no conspiracy if the company making it says dont take it when they would profit then wouldn't that show they aren't bribing.

Two facts that disprove this nonsense:
* Ivermectin is a generic drug.  This means the formulation is in the public domain and anyone can manufacture it, so Merck (the company who *originally* formulated it and then took it off-patent) would not especially stand to profit from it in a production and sales boom.
* Merck have developed their own patented therapeutic drug, molnupiravir, for covid-19, and [last June signed a procurement agreement]((https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/merck-mrk-signs-$1.2b-deal-with-us-for-covid-19-therapeutic-2021-06-10) with the US government worth approximately $1.2 billion, if it gets approval. If ivermectin was recognised as doing much the same job, it would seriously impact the potential profitability of this product and would certainly remove any chances of them getting EUA.

And who mentioned anyone bribing anyone?  Again you're just making shit up instead of addressing my actual comments.

&gt;There's litterly a list presented to you of dozens of other drugs with way more promising results from many different sources and you said you cant trust who because they compiled it.

More lies.  I never said any such thing about The Pharmaceutical Journal.  And I just read (and directly responded to in a previous comment) the section of that article about ivermectin because *that's the drug we're discussing*. You expect me to read through the article's sections about all these other (mostly patented) drugs that have not seen extensive real-world use when they're irrelevant to the discussion, yet you won't even look at the academic papers I referred you to about the drug that we *are* discussing?

&gt;If you take one thing from me Just try to understand your not being censored your just spreading dangerous misinformation that resulted in many people getting sick, you dont seem dumb but your so unaware and ignorant of critical thinking you can hurt someone.

It seems via discussion with the mods that my comments here were deleted because I posted links to the ivmmeta website too often so the spam filter kicked in; it had nothing to do with the content.

Again, you are claiming that Cureus Journal of Medical Science, Cornell University's SocArXiv, Social Science Research Network, and Dr John Campbell's YouTube channel are all sources of misinformation, without backing this wild accusation up in any way.

The only reason people may have gotten sick from ivermectin is because they took animal formulations in which the dosage is too high, which has nothing to do with whether the correctly dosed human formulations work or not.  Your "logic" is equivalent to blaming paracetamol overdoses on advertisements for paracetamol, rather than people not reading the instructions correctly.  If discussion of ivermectin were less suppressed and distorted, these kind of incidents would be less likely to happen.  And that's not to mention the fact that many of the news stories that pushed this notion (and no doubt where you've gotten the idea) [have turned out to be lies](https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2021/09/as-us-prepares-to-ban-ivermectin-for-covid-19-more-countries-in-asia-begin-using-it.html).

I won't be taking anything from you, given your apparent inability (whether borne of poor literacy, mental laziness, or sheer mendacity) to engage with the evidence I've presented and my actual arguments; your accusing me of lacking critical thinking skills is highly ironic. This discussion is finished as far as I'm concerned.  I wish you the best.
