I'm the other guy.

&gt;but there has never been a universal understanding of what is moral and what isn't, 

I'm going to say you're exactly right again. I'm going to point out that morality, can't be an "is" because it's an invented thing. Everything that we declared to be either right or wrong is a function of declaration.

Now I'm going to attempt to tell you where it comes from. This isn't something to believe this is something to check out for yourself.

There's a toddler we start to figure out that it's good to feel good and it's bad to feel bad.

There comes a time when you experience feeling bad, and for the first time, it bothers you. In that moment you choose a way of being that allows you to overcome this experience of feeling bad. Everybody goes through this.

Then as a young teenager you start to figure out that it is good to be good and it is bad to be bad. You figure out also, that it's good to associate yourself with things that look good and bad to associate you so with things that look bad. This is built on top of feeling bad.

And then that comes a point at which you look bad in some sort of a social setting. And in that moment you declare and decide to choose a survival method that allows you to overcome this horrible experience. And just like your decision to overcome feeling bad, these survival methods that you've chosen will stay with you the rest of your life.

And finally as a young adult you start to figure out that it is good to be wise and aware and it is bad to be unwise and unaware. And you'll spend the rest of your life trying to figure this one out. As circumstances and situations change in our life, we have to make constant adjustments that makes this a real challenge.

And it comes a point at which we discover that we are not wise enough or aware enough. And we make a profound declaration in our life that changes how we survive life. 

Each one of these steps starts around the age of 4. And each takes about 7 years to fully develop. It is one of the reasons why psychologists don't think fully cooked until a 25 years old. It's one of the reasons why we see a full personality has developed around the age of 25.

What were left with is it clear understanding that your body desires to make sure that it feels good, looks good and is wise and aware. Because your body has figured out that the more it feels bad, looks bad and it's being unwise and unaware, the closer to death it is.

And this could be imagined threats to these three main desires. Or it can be actual threats to these three main desires. The body doesn't distinguish between the two. Real or imagined. 

Every unwanted bad feeling, every unwanted looking bad moment. And every moment where we can see that we're being unwise and unaware in an unwanted way, we declare to be a bad wrong and or evil thing. And along with this declaration brings out a survival strategy that you've been working on your whole life.

Everything that supports your desire to feel good, look good and be wise and aware, you will call good. And you will support it, nurture it, and hope it stays around.

All ideas of what is moral comes from these experiences. And because each individual has their own experience and has drawn their own conclusions... Every idea we have of what is moral is individual.

And of course it's an overlap. The general consensus is I don't want to be murdered. I don't want to be physically harmed. I don't want to be raped. I don't want my sister to be raped I don't want my mother to be raped I don't want my aunt to be raped. So all of these obvious harms, as a consensus are considered bad, wrong and Evil.

I could go on. But I think I'm done explaining.

I think you get the point.

If Christians want to make the claim that God and his ideas constitute objective morality. I'm fine with that.

But the reality is, is that everything that a human claims to be moral, is only based on our experiences. Which are completely subjective. And have nothing to do with any objectivity.

I've never met anybody who can separate their own personal wants in such a way that they're able to objectively make a claim of any individual thing that can be claimed to be either good or bad. There's always a personal want involved.

Okay I'll say one more thing...

The rub to all of this morality talk. 99% of the time, when we do something wrong. We knew it was wrong before we did it, we knew it was wrong while we were doing it. And we knew it was wrong after we did it.

Declaring something right or wrong within ourselves, never keeps Us from doing a bad thing. And we sure don't always do the right thing. It would be absurd to think that we do.

And because these three desires and the survival strategies are not like on and off switches but more like dials that you can turn up and turn down. When we are fighting faced with life's circumstances and are thrown into situations that are relatively new to us, we will go through a negotiation with ourselves to find out who's going to win.

If I offer you $100 to run around the neighborhood naked for 10 minutes... You're going to weigh the benefits of being wise to take the free money up against the embarrassment of looking bad.

On Facebook yesterday I saw a question... Would you sell your favorite pet for $250,000? My instant answer was of course I would. It's a $50 cat. That I love with all my heart. But it's going to be dead in 5 years. And $250,000 in my world changes my entire life. And I wasn't surprised to see so many answers for people said there was no way they would do that. They couldn't bring themselves to go through that level of pain. The desire to make sure they did not feel bad worn out over their desire to be wise and aware in any capacity when it came to a quarter of a million dollars.

Well I think I gave you more new look for. I hope you don't mind. And I hope you're having a great weekend it's almost over!
