Minister of Justice Maria, who, ironically, has a string of murder cases with her as the prime suspect, seven years of unpaid taxes, and various other crimes on her record, upon finding out about the Legion's presence in the Imperial Federation's capital city, decides that she is going to flee the planet altogether, no, the solar system, and finally go to check out that tropical island on a distant planet in the Ruznov Union she purchased a few years ago.

Chief Warrant Officer Ada Hawks is completely unaware of the Legion's existence, having just woken up at her estate in Windrise Plains

General Nora Wolfe, known as the *'Tödliche Schönheit'* for her habit of draining her enemies (and sometimes even innocent civilians from enemy civilizations), is, like her fellow vampire Maria, quite concerned for her safety. Regardless, she refuses to be a coward like the overly cautious Maria (who is actually her sister-in-law), and calmly loads her personal handgun *Kopfjäger*, as she takes refuge in her heavily-guarded manor in the midst of Amberwood Castle's wealthiest neighborhoods.

The Elite Guard officers, who are far worse than Maria, having been behind mass genocides of hostile species and even fellow humans, are unfazed, choosing to recline in their downtown skyscraper and rest for the week. They fight with their superior on a regular basis and *he* could annihilate planets with a flick of his finger should he wish.

The High Regent is, meanwhile, something between unaware and ignorant of the Legion's arrival in the capital city of Anthos on the eastern coast. He believes that a great force will arrive, and awaits their arrival in his residence.

(Anthos is on the east coast BTW, Maria is at the spaceport in the city waiting for her starship, Hawks is in the far east region well over 4000 kilometres away, Wolfe is in the Great Forest region in the northwest about 2500 kilometres away, and the Elite Guard is in downtown Anthos. The High Regent is at his estate on a private island within the city's bay, accessible via a single bridge.)

(The Legion starts on the outer shores of the city, across the river; they have to cross the only bridge to enter the city by foot, as crossing by water is not feasible due to the number of actively aggressive naval drones and warships, and it is currently afternoon rush hour.)
