&gt;Are we going to equivocate a labor shortage with wage increases?

Yes, labor is a commodity.  If the supply is lower than the demand, the price will increase.

&gt;Your original post doesn’t mention anything about people not going into the trades, starting a decade ago. Probably because you can’t blame “the governmental” for it.

Or maybe because it wasn't relevant to the point I was making.  The decline in people entering the trades has been going on a long time, while housing prices in Missoula have just recently skyrocketed much more than usual.  Government policies are most definitely a factor in that.  Also, labor prices were just one of several reasons that I gave.

If you want to blame everything on covid, that's fine.  But even *that* can be traced back to questionable government policies.  The Wuhan Institute of virology(where the virus presumably leaked from) is funded by the Chinese and US governments.  Their unsafe research practices were more than likely responsible for this whole mess.

&gt;This isn’t some old persons. It was a young, otherwise healthy person. They’ve had long Covid for a year now, still struggle with it, and it lowers the amount of work I can do. 

This is anecdotal and rare.  Most younger people will recover from covid quickly.

&gt;Even better, say my parents had gotten sick and died. You’re apparently, whatever, about it because they’re old. But I’d have lost childcare. Meaning I wouldn’t be able to work like I did.

We were discussing the economic ramifications of the policy.  My point was that generally older retired people aren't directly contributing to the economy, not meaning to downplay the emotional loss of anyone's relative.  Also, it's ironic you're now worried about not being able to "work like you did" while also defending a policy that literally forced everyone not to go to work.

&gt;https://news.mit.edu/2020/pandemic-health-response-economic-recovery-0401

Covid and the 1918 pandemic really aren't comparable though.  The Spanish flu was far more deadly, particularly in people between the ages of 20-40(prime working age).  That is going to have a much greater economic impact than covid, which mainly only kills the old and infirm.  

Sorry if this sounds harsh, but is it that big of a deal if a nursing home patient dies 3 months sooner than they would have without covid?  Is it worth shutting down the economy?

&gt;I’m sorry, but your entire premise is honestly immature, naive and ignorant of history, law and economics

That's quite a leap you made! 😄
