When Fjord sacrificed his powers, it was after 60+ episodes of gradually realizing his patron was evil. Travis as a player had a good idea of what he was getting into, and Matt had essentially forced him to either push in an evil direction or make a hard choice. Meanwhile, other characters like Caduceus and Jester were making overtures to Fjord of helping him get power from somewhere else. Travis knew that on the other side of this choice was an opportunity to reinvent Fjord.

Two or three (I don't remember when this started) episodes into EXU, an 8-episode miniseries, we still have basically no idea of what Opal and Ted's relationship is. Now they're arguing about something that we have minimal context for, and that argument now means Opal has no powers. Rather than diving further into the backstory, the RP just consists of Opal and Ted arguing. Opal is so nerfed by this choice that she nearly dies in a fight where her only option seems consistently to be throwing daggers at people. At the end of all this RP...She still won't admit that she needs Ted, but she gets her powers back. Opal has learned or gained nothing, and I as a viewer got nothing out of it.

I have read Aimee's threads. I see what she was going for. She was playing a character. I'm not mad that her character was entitled, or bratty, or young and unaware of what was going on.

But I can tell you that if someone was playing that kind of character at my table, and was repeatedly making RP choices that removed their combat viability so they could tell a story about a very immature and frustrating character who was designed to be that way...Most of my friends who I game with would not be interested in being at that table anymore. And yeah, we may be pretty build-intensive players (we play Pathfinder), but we also all really enjoy story and RPing.

I watch Critical Role for the story, the gameplay, and the vicarious experience of being in another campaign without actually being in it. In this instance, I was neither compelled by the story, the gameplay results, or the vicarious experience of what it would be like to be in that campaign.

I'm not saying that Aimee or Aabria did anything wrong. They just made entertainment that really drove me up a wall and left me not wanting to watch anymore.
