&gt;When we refer to phobias regarding SOCIAL ISSUES, we are not really talking about fear.

Re-read my explanation of what a phobia is. Sloowwwlllyy this time. Maybe it will get through your thick skull in twenty or so tries.

&gt;Do you honestly think that there are homophobes out there that are legitimately afraid of gay people or are you just this dense?

Again, read what I said about what a phobia is.

&gt;I was going to argue your other points but then you quoted Churchill and I died laughing at the irony

It's not unheard of to draw inspiration from your oppressors. If you can learn something, it doesn't matter where it comes from, but I can understand your closed mind not being able to comprehend this. (Ever read *Invictus* or at least watched the movie?) Besides the original quote belonged to an Italian thinker, Churchill just said it in a context. I wouldn't expect you to do any more than just laugh it off cause let's face it, who puts in so much effort for defending an *assumption* which is what your entire argument is based on?

&gt;Also, sidenote, hatred is envy. Not jealousy. Not fear. There's some awesome literature I could refer you to if only you were literate. (better insult?)

Do I need to school you on language as well? Envy and Jealousy are literally synonyms and mean the same thing. Words don't change their meaning just because you choose to use them in an incorrect context and incorrectly. That's just plain dumb.  
Also, Hatred = Envy? Since when? I said jealousy/envy/fear leads to hatred but they are very distinct emotions, quite different from one another. This isn't even about semantics anymore, you're just plain dumb and unaware of how to use words in the right context or even frame a proper rhetoric.  
I sincerely doubt a kid who doesn't even know what a phobia is and that envy and jealousy are the same thing, could direct me to any kind of sensible literature. I'd read The Red Balloon already when I was younger than what you are right now (*at least mentally*), so, nothing for you to suggest here, you're out of your depth anyways.   
You still haven't really countered me on any of the points I made with any real logical/historical backing whatsoever. All you've made are dense senseless attempts at taking a jibe at me and my points with your "*assumptions.*" This is exactly why I said, educate yourself first and then form an opinion. I can't even take this statement of yours as an insult. It's like a 5th grader challenging me to a debate on current affairs and history, of which he has barely any knowledge and then calling me a "*bully*" cause he can't find anything better to say. I haven't even insulted you really in my comments, except stating the fact that you're just a dumb kid, which you are. We'll have a better and more sensible conversation the day you decide to grow up, lil one.

&gt;Love you buddy, for real, look after yourself and move away from this nationalism shit, it just preys on your own misery.

I'd choose nationalism over stupidity any day, kid. It's pretty evident who ended up being miserable in this exchange. LMAO.  
Grow a pair first, then we'll talk. Now shoo, go and play with your toys. Leave the mature stuff to the grown ups.
