(part 2)

Interestingly, my favorite expression of the growth journey is actually found in the suite of cups in the tarot.  The five of cups is the card of loss and grief, and is usually depicted as a person who has lost three of their five cups and they are grief-stricken and heartbroken.  The six of cups typically represents nostalgia and looking back, thinking about happier times especially when we were innocent and unaware of pain.  The seven of cups is being presented with so many cups that you can't choose them all, dreaming of what could be.  The eight of cups sees a person walking away - *walking away* - from ALL of the cups in search of the truth.  They've let go of trying to hold on, and say "fuck it".  And then we come to the nine of cups, which is typically emotional fulfillment.  By walking away, by letting go, by searching for the truth, by being grounded in ourselves and turning inward to fulfill ourselves and fill our own cup, we find what we were looking for all along.

It's the four and five of cups I find particularly interesting.  The four of cups is depicted as a person who who is dissatisfied and unhappy, they are looking at their three cups and so disappointed that they can't even see the fourth cup they are being offered.  The five of cups always shows two upright cups that the person doesn't see because they are so focused on the cups they have lost.

Now if you are coming from a law of attraction paradigm, you might say that you could 'manifest' what you want by 'raising your vibration' and focusing on the two cups you still have in the five of cups, or the one cup you are being offered in the four of cups.  But really, the journey *isn't* about holding on to the cups at all.  While recognizing and paying attention to what you have is a positive thing, it isn't a silver bullet.  The cups show *a journey* to a place where it doesn't matter about what cups we are offered and have because we have learned to fill our own cup.

So instead of looking to others for emotional fulfillment, we come to a place where we are our *own* emotional fulfillment.  But it's a journey, it isn't something we are compelled to do the instant we feel loss and pain or anger.  We can know the direction and respect the process it takes to get there, and then when we look back on the journey, we have so much that can't be taken from us by anyone.

No one else can take what we have learned from us, can take our experience and history, our pride in overcoming obstacles and of triumphing in horrible circumstances.  We weren't victims of a holocaust, but childhood victims of abuse experienced years of torture (intended or not) at the hands of the very people who were supposed to love us.  The very people we loved so hopefully and desperately.  

We survived, we endured, and no one can take the truth of our experience away from us; no one can take our strength or our heartbreak; no one can live our life or experience our journey.  It is ours, and we get to learn and make mistakes and feel our feelings and try different things and do our best and do our worst.  It is our life, our heart, our mind, our beliefs.
