&gt;in many ways gender is meaningless, but our society doesn’t treat it as such

Right. Because a very short time ago gender and sex were the same thing. We treated people differently due to sex realistically.

&gt;Truly, it’s the lack of social acceptance that causes most of trans people’s problems.

Ok but what if I told you that you aren't guaranteed social acceptance? I mean do you accept conservatives? 

&gt;To build more on the race aspect of this conversation, I’m going to deconstruct your appeal to the black communities you’ve interacted with. Like every aspect of our society, the issues hat plague it often intersect with each other. People of color are perfectly capable of perpetuating other aspects of discrimination. Homophobia, anti-semitism, misogyny, and all kinds of bigotry can be found in certain pockets of these communities across the states. It’s also worth noting that black people are capable of reinforcing their own oppression, especially if they’re in a higher economic class. Although that isn’t the only factor.

They can also be anti-white, hate men, hate Christians etc. All sorts of bigotry people are susceptible to. But you only see it when it applies minority groups.

&gt;I can imagine that the people you’ve interacted with may hold some problematic views

Literally all I said was that they are less left wing than you imagine. If that is problematic to you, take it up with them I guess. Tell them they ain't black if they ain't a democrat or something. They'll love it I promise you. 

&gt; I would suggest you talk with more members of the community and see what they think of police brutality, systemic racism, and other subjects we’ve discussed here around race. I would further suggest that you go outside those communities and discuss these topics with black people from other areas of the US. I think you’ll find that the opinion on these issues leans more towards my interpretations.

You only suggest this because you are ignorant and unaware that this is already something I do.
