The human mind it NOT a thing (noun). it is an action, a process (verb) it may be composed of a thing (noun) but it is the process (verb) that it is doing that makes your mind a conscious mind. as you fall asleep at night this thing (noun) strips away in layers it's processing (verb) and when you wake up, this thing, builds up these processes within this thing that these processes process through. evolution has built this thing in recursive layers to process more through these layers. therefore I believe there are and can be more then one type of consciousness, WE are only perceiving the type of consciousness that our mind (noun) is built to process. cause remember it is a process (verb) and the ancients of our time where right cause they have deducted it down to two simple type of processes, awareness and attention, or amplitude and frequency, the analogy is to a light bulb connected to a dimmer switch, dimming the light up or down is likened to your awareness, your awake and aware so your light bulb is turn up bright, fall asleep and the light bulb is dimmed down, attention is likened to a spot light that you can focus wide or tight beamed, you can be greatly aware and focused on one thing or unfocused and unaware of everything, like what happens when you fall asleep or when you text and drive aka attention blindness, consciousness is a process that has two main aspects, how much of its processes are in action and on what it is processing on. the neural network in your head is a dynamic and ever changing. even if you could take a snapshot or freeze one state of it and then copy that state to a new platform you are not taking the YOU with it in the copy, cause the YOU is a process not a state. because your state is constantly changing. now if you could do such a copy and turn it on, it would wake up as though it had been knocked out but it would not be able to remember any of its past cause if the new platform is not built with the same ability to process itself through itself  its past would not be the same as the past you experience within your own mind cause you can push you conscious processes through neural networks that process your consciousness as you know it. its like a vicious recursive loop. I don't like the term emergent property cause it feels like it claims consciousness came out of something, which leads some to think mind can be transferred, 

Consciousness in my option is a process of a substance that can not be transferred but transformed by evolving the very substance that is doing the process.
