I'm so sorry that you are in a situation like this, OP. It is a tough case to crack and I will echo everyone else in the comments advocating calling in a specialist to help you figure it out.

Now, personally speaking, I know exactly how you feel. From what you describe, this was my first ever serious relationship, word for word. He was my first sexual partner ever, we didn't have the chance to get intimate several years down the line, I was inexperienced and unaware of what should be healthy norms for a fulfilling sex life between two loving partners, etc. 

A number of factors can contribute to your lack of desire. For me, it was a combination of things. First of all, I wasn't physically attracted to my ex. For a long while, I ignored that fact and kept my head down due to the almost idealistic belief that love should overcome anything. That I should be able to learn to want my partner. Which wasn't the case at all, and anyone with common sense would see that.

Secondly, my own lack of experience in the bedroom meant I was totally clueless as to what makes sex good. It didn't help that I was raised in a culture in which women are shamed for being sexually active before marriage. After a bit, I made time and effort to educate myself, and it has helped my following sexual endeavors with my next and current bf greatly. 

Third, I was subjected to trauma as a child and never sought help for it until I became an adult. The feeling of guilt, shame, pain, and everything else ruined it for me. Compounded with my upbringing, even the idea of sex repulsed me. Cue therapy and immense work later, I am at a better point in life where I can manage l, enjoy, and even seek out sex. Initiate and everything, woo.

Last but not least, communication. Holy fuck, communication. As mentioned above, after I had educated myself on the matter, I took a step forward to open up a direct and honest line of conversation towards my partner about how we could improve our sex life. He took it as a blow to his ego and shut down completely. Never made the effort to learn himself. Wasn't attentive to my needs. It got so bad that faking it and enduring things slowly presented itself as the more peacekeeping option, but that brought me zero happiness. So I left. We also weren't happy emotionally, so a lot of that seeped into our physical life as well. 

I don't know what your relationship is like, but as someone who was in your boat, these were the hard takeaways that came to me after a lot of reflection and recovery one bad relationship later. Obviously, I would still recruit professional help rather than taking a reddit stranger's advice as the gospel truth, but yeah. 

Just know that you are very brave for making the effort to tackle this, even if it is as small as posting about it to a bunch of online people. I hope nothing but improvements and greatness (sexual or not) come your way.
