&gt; Seven's struggles with re-integrating her human aspects were played off essentially the same way that Data was used, as just something inhuman learning to become more human.

There are literally multiple episodes where she relives the trauma and flashbacks of being assimilated and has emotional breakdowns as a result. I'm not gonna question if you've seen VOY or not but you're clearly forgetting these important facts.

&gt;And it wasnt just how VOY handled assimilation; they watered down the entire mysterious alien-ness of the Borg by bringing in the Queen to be the "face" of what was, up to that point - and with tremendous success - essentially a faceless enemy.

The Borg Queen was a TNG invention, created for the film "First Contact". First Contact hit theaters in November of 1996. Voyager didn't bring the Borg Queen in as a character until the episode "Dark Frontier" in February of 1999. If you don't like the idea of the Borg Queen, that's fine. But don't blame Voyager for her. They just took a pre-existing character and developed her further.

&gt;And they diluted their scariness by making them not an unbeatable foe, a Tarrasque that cannot be defeated but only be escaped from, and let Voyager routinely win the day, and ultimately just turn them into a Macguffin to get home.

Again, this is something TNG was already guilty of. In "Best of Both Worlds pt II", they beat the Borg by making them take a nap. In "I, Borg" they personalized the Borg with Hugh, made them seem like innocent children that could be rehabilitated if given the right circumstances, and made sensing and hiding from them child's play. And in "The Descent" they turned the Borg into Lore's impotent cartoon patsies. TNG basically made them into a joke, yet it's Voyager that somehow is made to take responsibility here? Highly illogical and ignorant of the facts.

I get liking how mysterious and frightening the Borg were in their first two appearances on screen, and mourning that they stopped being scary, but you're never going to convince me that's actually a bad thing. Because not only is that the destiny of every foe in Star Trek. (The Klingons, the Romulans, the Ferengi, the Dominion, this is just the arc of what happens when you confront an enemy multiple times. They can't be invincible and mysterious forever.) But it's also one of the most basic, core tenants of Star Trek to begin with. The entire point of Star Trek is to seek out the unknown and to learn. And that's kind of what happens when you learn about something. They stop being so mysterious. And you don't fear the stuff you know about nearly as much as the stuff that is a question mark. That's a fundamental aspect of the human condition. And Star Trek celebrates this. If the Borg were going to be scary and invincible forever even though we keep learning about them, that would honestly be a betrayal of the most core spirit of Star Trek that has boundless faith in the human spirit. Maybe you don't come to Star Trek for that, but I do. It's what makes Star Trek special and sets it apart from all the other sci-fi junk that gets made these days that's overly cynical and bleak in its outlook of humanity.
