Touché, and point taken… but, the through-line aside, the framing of the story itself is by far more critical of the societal structure of the day (which through the lens of hindsight is of itself feministic, so Shaw got his point across anyways? Lol). I’m not entirely familiar with the essay you mentioned, but I’ll give it a read. I can’t discredit the idea that Higgins was perceivable as homosexual; but, if the notion that an author’s characters are projections of the id, then the argument could be made that this assumption was implicit in Shaw’s lifelong asexual history where he only married his wife at the age of 41 to discredit any claims of a scandalous nature when she moved in with him to care for him during a decline in health (after he had declined her suggestion of matrimony twice in the prior year). All-in-all, while publicly an advocate of socialism &amp; societal reform, he was overtly concerned by popular opinion in his life choices privately. It is widely believed that his marriage was never consummated and it never produced any children. His biographers agree that his closest relationships were formed with other men over the course of his lifetime; but, I would defer to the opinion of that this was due to his mother’s relationship with a man who he believed was his biological father due to his parents relationship being a marriage of convenience (not unlike his own). I think that this idea cemented in his mind a seed of distrust in the opposite sex, and that he only felt secure in the apparent honesty of his friendships with other men (who generally possessed a similar disposition about societal norms and valued intellectual pursuits over the romantic variety). This considered on top of the fact that his most well received works were satires of the suffragette movement; all of which could be interpreted as being both pro and/or critical of regarding the subject matter (which I was unaware of prior to reading the articles I have since because of your comment… so, sincerely, thank you); it’s no wonder that his name is the root of the descriptive adjective “Shav-ianistic” (which I find both less &amp; more insulting now as a reference to those who are sexist and unaware of their own beliefs as such at the same time, ha). Anyways, I actually just think that he was asexual, not a closeted homosexual; but, like I said before, if all authors’ characters are autobiographical then it’s a simple enough assumption to make… and he is regarded as one of the leading polemicist voices, where you argue a position by undercutting the foundational arguments of the opposition. However, when used in satire this can come across as critical of the presenter of the argument as much as they intend it to be sarcasm.

I don’t know, I just posted this because I was a grandchild of a man who loved Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein and all forms of contemporary musicals, so the name Brennan used for his shoeshine pulled up some dregs of *Poooor, Professor Higgins…* in the depths of my mindscape. Thanks for causing me to learn something today though! Always a good thing, ha
