It's been a process and I think that ocd, while making me think nonstop, is keeping me from thinking about the important topics to heal. Because they are uncomfortable, and they make me ask questions about myself that I don't want to ask. Because my trauma was a big complicated mess and where some people might have an understanding that there is no reason to feel guilty for what happened in their childhood, I struggle to allow myself that same sense of not being responsible, even though I was a child. And maybe the cabin is there to remind me of that. To show me that I was in fact a child, full of innocence and wonder. I think I have painted a picture of myself in my subconscious (and part of this I did realize in therapy is from the things I was told about myself at the time) where somehow as a child I wasn't a child? Like I place all the responsibility and knowledge of right and wrong that I expect of my adult self on my childhood self. I hold it to standards that are impossible, because I was very much so, young and unaware of how things worked. Full of curiosity and the urge to play and explore. I do desperately want to go back, to not feel all this responsibility, and to not feel guilty. 

I did really start to notice some progress with my ocd when I started to allow myself to interpret my dreams, and I'm really greatful to have a therapist who was open to that and didn't shut it down as not important. 

I'm definitely in a loop with my compulsions, one I am trying to break, but (I just laughed a little thinking about this) life has a way of throwing more shit at me every time I start to make progress. And a lot of that shit has come from relationships, and it's probably necessary for me to deal with this shit because I needed to let go of unhealthy relationships, and maybe now I can finally focus on me healing.

What you said about interpreting other's dreams is probably a healthy coping skill. My therapist has told me that allowing ourselves to focus on other's problems and realize we aren't so alone in feeling lost can be helpful, but we have to remember to focus on our own junk. Which I can tell you are doing. And I can definitely say I appreciate you doing so, because sometimes we really just need to bounce these thoughts off someone else and hear how they read it. It helped me.
