Ask someone who says they believe that a fertilized egg is a living person this question:

&gt; You are in a fertility clinic with a newborn infant and a cryogenic container with 1000 frozen embryos in it.  The clinic catches fire and you can only carry out one or the other.  Which do you save?

I've never heard anyone seriously choose the embryos.  Which means they don't *really* think that a fertilized egg is as important as a newborn infant.  You can also discover this when people allow for exceptions for rape or incest.  (No one would suggest killing an infant under those circumstances.)

What they are demonstrating by being pro-life usually isn't how much they value fertilized eggs, but rather how little they value a woman's experience and bodily autonomy.  Or even actively deprecate it.

Another easy test is to tell them that "free IUDs lower abortion rates more than an abortion ban would".  Again, I've never seen a religiously-motivated pro-lifer suddenly embrace IUDs, because usually they just call it abortion, too (when it's not).  Well, what about oral contraception?  Nope, that's abortion, too (again, it's not).  What about condoms?  Surely they would at least encourage condom use for people who are already having sex anyway?  Not so much.

If you search "pro-life contraceptives" on Google, the top responses [say things like this](https://www.ethikapolitika.org/2011/04/04/facts-on-abortion-why-you-cant-be-pro-life-and-pro-contraception/):

&gt; Contraceptives are the cause of abortion.  In fact, if we did not have contraceptives in this country, we would not have anywhere near the abortion rate we do now.

&gt; These situations, where people have bought the lie that they can rely on these technologies to make sex non-procreative, are the context in which abortions happen.  It is in this context that people get pregnant and ask, “How did this happen?”  This context does not exist in a society that does not have things like the birth “control” pill.

[Or...](https://clmagazine.org/post/pro-life-basics-whats-wrong-with-using-a-condom/)

&gt;Even if the person asking the question doesn’t want to admit that condoms offend God because they are used to intentionally deny Him the ability to bless a couple with His gift of a child, it is critical that you pass along the truth that condoms can cause all sorts of havoc for the people who use them.

If this was about fertilized eggs, then why are they against contraceptives?  If this was just about fertilized eggs, why is there substantial pushback against HPV vaccines in pro-life circles?  [It's because this is all about sex.](https://prolifeaction.org/2009/91020-2/)

&gt;The success of this public vaccination campaign has less to do with stopping cervical cancer, than it does with opening the door to other vaccination campaigns for other sexually transmitted diseases, and perhaps even including pregnancy itself. For if they can overcome the objections of parents and religious organizations to vaccinating pre-pubescent—and not sexually active–girls against one form of STD, then it will make it easier for them to embark on similar programs in the future.

&gt;After all, the proponents of sexual liberation are determined not to let mere disease—or even death—stand in the way of their pleasures. They believe that there must be technological solutions to the diseases that have arisen from their relentless promotion of promiscuity.

There are lots of ordinary people who are pro-life and not given it much thought (even though they give it their votes).  But the *activists* are not interested in reducing the number of abortions. 

These pro-life organizations just use abortion because it's the easiest way to push people toward their bigger agenda.  What they really want is to create a society that operates by traditional rules (boys and girls afraid and ignorant of sex, men and women having large families after marriage, and complete indifference to anyone who wants anything different or who fails to conform with their joyless prudery).

`Edited to add links for the quotes.`  All of them were on the first page of Google search of "pro-life" and whatever topic.  I did not have to search hard for these.
