&gt; Oh really?

I think so, yeah. Some might disagree on what constitutes people, but that's usually the result of misinformation and ignorance as well.

&gt;Is that you?

yup

&gt; You are a disgusting apologist for conservatives

Nope. You're welcome to read my other comments. 

&gt;They start from "I am never wrong. I am always good." and then say what ever they need to until they get to do what they want and still say that, no matter how little sense it makes.

Right now you're starting from "I am never wrong. Conservatives are always evil". I disagree with conservatives on most things, and they probably believe I'm a filthy degenerate of some kind, but that doesn't mean I don't want to understand them. That's all: understanding whatever you're opposing. Who knows, maybe there's a nugget of truth hidden in the shitheap. I prefer to know the content of shitheaps so I know what smells to expect.

&gt;Yes you are. You are saying they are merely complicit in evil, merely allowing it to happen and frequently swept up in evil, but that doesn't make them evil. Your apologia is despicable.

People are people. I'd say the same about communists. Do you think conservatives are all evil? That they were born evil? I doubt you do. They're people just like you and me, they just grew up all fucked up. Disagree with them vehemently and strongly and never tire, but understand that they're people who think they're heroes rather than villains. At least you'll know their arguments before they give them, and you can be better prepared to shit on them.

&gt;The pandemic proved that they don't even care to protect their own families.

The pandemic proved that many, many conservatives are dumb, ignorant, stupid sheep that have been so riled up into skepticism of experts that they reject the word of medical doctors worldwide. If people received rock solid education from childhood, do you think they'd be as stupid? I doubt it. Are American conservatives just inherently a stupider breed of human? No.

&gt;No. You are deluding yourself. The only way the conservatives change course is through a change in leadership. They don't listen to reason, they don't listen to morality, they might listen to money.

People are complex. Let's not pretend to KNOW what would convince certain people. We can only speculate. Even if we assume you're right, don't you think these people think that the best society is made by following a strong leader towards a better world? This can lead to Trump, but it can be stupid and wrong and easily exploitable while still being ultimately well intentioned.

&gt;It doesn't matter what they tell themselves. It doesn't matter what they tell other people. It doesn't matter if they believe it or if they know they are lying. All that matters is the consequences.

Yeah, that's why I'm not conservative - I don't like the consequences of their policies. I just think most of them have been fooled into thinking these policies are ultimately good for everyone. Anti abortion? Obviously they don't *want* women to get back alley abortions. They want, naively, girls to be pure and good and abstinent, because they believe that leads to a better life for the young women, and society in general. They're dumb and wrong and ignorant of course, but I'm sure they well-intentioned rather than wanting people to suffer for no reason at all. 

&gt;They know what they are chanting. They should be adults who know what those words mean.

Yeah, they should. World doesn't run on should though. We shouldn't have such a bad society that we create the environment for these types of idiots to form. Meanwhile, I still don't believe the majority thinks they're fighting on the villain's side.

&gt;You insufferable smug... I could call you a million derogatory names and it still wouldn't be enough. You ignorant punk. You revolting apologist. You useful idiot. All of those just barely scratch the surface of your repugnance.

How am I being a useful idiot just because I know we all think of ourselves as good people with good opinions, even if some people's views of what constitutes good has been twisted to absurdity? 

&gt;How dare you presume I am quick to judgement or throw labels around meaninglessly

Haven't your entire reply been about how people you deem "fascist" (I'd love to see your definition of "fascist" btw) are simply impossible to be understood, and trying to do so is useful idiocy? Sounds like you're both throwing labels and making judgements pretty readily. Also, do you believe conservatives are fascists? Or basically de facto fascists?

&gt;It's not some difficult thing to understand. Not if you aren't an apologist like you. They want total control of the government, mostly the monopoly of violence, to run things as they see fit, silence all dissent, and use violence against any and all opposition.

That's just the first level understanding. Fascism is all fucked up and often inconsistent. At least I wish to understand what I don't even understand. Understand?

&gt;Holy shit. You are "just asking questions". Because there is no need for one. The political right has no idea how to govern or how their lives benefit from government. Their entire leadership is pure kleptocracy now. The right has no idea how to choose capable leadership, or honest leadership, or even non-criminal leadership any more.

I haven't really asked any loaded questions as you imply. I just stated that I believe all human beings consider themselves, or want to be, overall good. You've written off about 50% of the country with your statement. Good luck winning any political victories with this mindset. Do you seriously not believe any conservative voter/politician has ever had any true opinion on anything? That'd be pretty silly, so I doubt you do.

&gt;&gt;Maybe if we all understood each other we could find more agreement.

&gt;It's bullshit that you think that the left doesn't understand the right. Who really needs to understand the right is the right, because they are getting scammed and led into political violence.

No one understand jack fucking shit about the other side, so no, leftists don't understand rightwingers. At least 1 study also showed this. Check out this study from 2012:

&gt;Both liberals and conservatives exaggerated the ideological extremity of moral concerns for the ingroup as well as the outgroup. *Liberals were least accurate about both groups*

https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0050092

So I don't believe your statement is fair or accurate.

&gt;&gt;if they knew there was an open, honest conversation about how to improve the world

&gt;Dude, how can you say this when the right is completely dishonest. Jesus, this is the most pathetic apologia I have ever seen.

It's kind of funny how much my desire to understand makes you angry. Do you understand it's possible to seek to understand, without agreeing with or apologizing for anyone, and without pretending that we all agree that we all agree (not a typo)? 

And yes, I agree that many, many, maaaaaaaaaaany rightwingers use dishonesty as a tool to just win power. Doesn't mean I don't want to understand them, either to know what lies they say, or just out of general curiosity. 

&gt;They have no ideas. Remember the lack of a political platform. They only have "values" that their actions work against and their rhetoric argues against. 

Their lack of ideas doesn't change that I believe we all want the same, basic shit in our society. Maybe it's possible to show them that certain, progressive ideas are so tried and true that even they believe it. Maybe we could win a few more political victories this way and improve a few more lives.

&gt;When do you stop believing what they say?

I haven't really started. They're usually also not the kind of people who want to have hour long conversations about deeper, personal motivations for impossibly complex policies affecting millions and millions of people.

&gt;You and people like you should be ashamed of yourselves.

I hope you one day realise the value in simply trying to understand. Sometimes you're just wrong, sometimes you didn't even consider something, but mostly you just learn what arguments to use. 

This concludes my novel.
