This caller is trying to make two very good points that I often get frustrated with MR and other lefties over. 
(1) Cultural trends are results of trends on philosophy trickling down into pop culture. This happens. There is a delayed effect, but philosophical movements and ideas trickle down into the language of pop culture, without the normies understanding where these ideas and concepts came from.
(2) Central concepts in libertarian and right wing culture are trickle downs from these philosophy movements. They have internalized some beliefs and concepts as "fundamental" or as their axioms. Libertarians value certain things for their own sake, as fundamental. You cannot directly argue them out of their political beliefs without dealing with these foundational beliefs they have. They first have to have the foundations broken for them to have any sort of paradigm shift. Reading Rand is the shortcut to figuring out what their foundations are.

Sam and Emma and others say they don't care that much and it doesn't matter. But it does. People are motivated not just by self interest but by moral beliefs. They don't know where their moral principles came from, but they absolutely did come from somewhere. To have any hope of real productive dialogue and argument with them we have to be able to attack these foundations.

Sam and other gen x lefties are the same way, just with different influences. He and others of his generation on the left often talk of moral language in a negative light and try to appeal to principles of self interest to convince people. This is 100% a trickle down from the logical positivists of the early-mid 20th century. To change sam's mind you would need to attack the moral foundations he's built his other views on, not argue all day about specific beliefs he has as a result of these foundations. He might not know about where these came from and might not be able to articulate them. But they're there. For all of us. 

And before anyone says it, yes, this matters for the average person. We all have foundational moral beliefs that motivate us and determine the shape of our overall worldview, goals, etc. If my foundations are different from yours, then no quibbling over specific policy decisions will change anything. You will be appealing to different principles than me. You have to first get on the same page to have any hope.

Tldr:
This caller is 100% correct, he's just not wording it well. And Sam and the rest are suspicious and unaware of how "academics" can influence the general population. Even though they are a product of these influences just as much as others. These sorts of enlightenment, humanistic ideals are learned, a result of cultural paradigm shifts, not just innate bits of knowledge. Gen x influenced by logical positivists, millennials by the humanitarian philosophers after them (Singer, Rawls, etc), post millennials by the post modern/deconstructionist movements. There is a delay in time it takes to trickle down. You have to understand cultural, including intellectual, context to understand people, and to argue with them well. That's what the caller means by "take this stuff seriously."
