what, it's some snake person liberal agenda to redistribute your wealth so gays and blacks have more than you do? If that's the general line of thinking, then you have been duped by the auxiliary, stage 2 part of this strategy. This one's even more fucked up in some ways: 

Getting the lower classes of all races to fling shit at each other and fill up the news cycle not only creates a subterfuge to extract wealth from *all* during a time of crisis, but it gets the educated knowledge workers (usually white suburbanites but also any minorities who 'made it'; money doesn't care about your skin color) who were promised the middle class American dream... it gets these people who keep the machine running &amp; the sausage made, gets them scared and ignorant of the meager pittance they have and how quickly it has eroded. 

Making the narrative "white ppl bad, you should feel bad b/c of the color of your skin" when you're barely treading water is part of the plan, and it works incredibly well - corporations are machines that turn dollars into more dollars, concentrating wealth up the chain. White collar workers are the essential cogs that keep it running - you can hire anyone to flip burgers, you need educated programmers and analysts to really run the place on the scale that's allowed them to dominate and control markets. 

You're more trying to suss out some grand conspiracy about the redistribution of wealth to people poorer than you, rather than thinking about why you have to stay at your job for health insurance when otherwise you'd take a risk and start a business. Why even though you are educated, any advancement is arbitrated by forces beyond your purview and pay grade that make your own agency feel minuscule. You're looking the wrong way w/ your analysis. Same idea, just invert it. 

Marginalized groups have suffered even more, which is why its more egregious that their rights and struggles - borne from the same source - are being used to jebait and manipulate those who have been allowed even a meager pittance of freedom &amp; opportunity.
