That's a seriously ignorant and dishonest argument, for four reasons:

1. You've made the same old lazy and baseless presupposition that even our most advanced societies are structured with a fundamentally male hierarchy (patriarchy), which hasn't been true in the workplace for decades and hasn't been true in any other facet of most Western societies for centuries.  
There's absolutely zero evidence for it because both men and women are perfectly free to choose any career path they want within their abilities. I'll also add that some of the most powerful rulers in history have also been women.  
We all have to face competition in our respective careers if we want to excel, and not all of us prevail against it, but idiots think that just because this also applies to women must mean that they're being gatekept from jobs, despite the fact that all of the ones ***most*** male-dominated are the tough and dangerous ones like in this video.  
It's funny that feminists only acknowledge the jobs that fewer women take a voluntary interest in, and out of those they only complain about the ones that happen to be high in income and/or authority.

2. You're making the claim that these people are only working to keep your lights on as pawns in some scheme to keep them down, and you're using their very existence as some self-evident result of a corrupt and oppressive system.  
By the logic you've used here, the only way you'd consider society to not be corrupt or tyrannical is if you didn't have electricity, as well as supposedly all of the other vital utilities and facilities provided by hard and hazardous male-dominated job roles that you denigrate the importance of so thoughtlessly.  
Not only are these highly skilled jobs, but ones like these pay far from minimum wage, and they keep your lights on as I said. Somebody has to do it, and you should be thankful that they do, instead of maintaining your strange combination of contempt and pity for them - we can't all be managers or doctors.

3. You somehow reconcile your claims I've outlined in points 1 and 2 to be in any way congruent with eachother.  
You've insisted on the existence of a systemic patriarchy for male dominance, but also use the claim that it hurts men just as much as women as some kind of proof of its existence, when in fact it's the opposite. If it's hurting men just as much as women then it's not a patriarchy by definition. It's just corruption, if not simple reality.

4. You claim that men only dominate the tough and dangerous jobs because they want to feel manly. Words can't describe how disgustingly sexist and ignorant that is, it's in fact one of the most misandrist things I've witnessed someone attempt to claim.  
What if someone said that women only dominate the careers of nursing, pharmacy, animal care etc because it lets them appear and feel womanly? Wouldn't that be an abhorrently sexist thing to suggest?

You need to seriously take a look at the deceitful double standards you use to excuse your resentment for men, and develop your axioms beyond that of a teenage third-wave feminist.
