I am a pretty new witch so any veterans please help me out here. BUT I can tell you that this isn't about Jesus probably and you may want to verify your friends facts.

Doing Ouija boards as a new witch is just very very stupid. I have been told this way to many times. Your "new-age" friends seem to be using that as term for "jumping into witchcraft because of a fad and getting themselves into trouble due to being disrespectful and ignorant" That may not be the case they just didn't do the research but when I hear stories like this - it is what it usually turns out to be.

If you are conjuring spirits, there are steps you should take. Cleanse your space, meditate, make sure you have protections in place. I.e. Wards, sigils, protection bottles. Make sure you have a protected space. Use a contained medium. Or best of all don't do it unless you have a veteran practitioner to help you. Not all things are good and even things that are good can hurt you if you are ignorant or disrespectful. My friend told me of a genuinely horrifying story involving one of his closed practice deities when somebody was being ignorant - it didn't turn out well.

You can attract negative entities with your mood, fear, actions or intentions. And you get rid of them by banishing and or cleansing. So again, if they were doing something without protection that they weren't supposed to they can get a negative entity.

There are some theories I have as to why the Jesus thing "works" I think. One is its kind of like putting blinders on. The entity is probably still there making them tired, leaching, they just closed themselves off my constantly "turning to Jesus" when they see it. Another would be that if it is a trickster or other leaching entities, the entity gets bored and leaves or the person doesn't have that negative emotion they latched on to anymore so they leave. 

DISCLAIMER: There can be other explanations and this is just my theory and what I have researched on the subject. By no means is this the only way to think of it.
