It's a really difficult situation and I give you my sympathy and compassion for all you're going through. 

I don't think it would be unreasonable to try and take him to couples counseling and talk with a professional and try to come to a better place with a licensed neutral party on everything. I know you said he's resistant and unaware of how unwell he's become but I think if you try to use the approach of not doing well and needing him to have a professional outside party that can help him and take the stress off of you, it'll help your relationship thrive. I'm not sure if he'll understand without a lot of effort but I do hope he does come to understand.

I also hope talking about how you've felt through rock bottom and now enduring this situation and the teeny bean you're carrying and the lack of support and empathy from him and how emotionally isolating it is will help.

I think a big thing is learning to use neutral but affirming language and phrasing so he hears that your feelings and desires do not invalidate or assign judgements to his may help along with using similar language to assure him he's heard and you appreciate his honesty even if it doesn't feel fantastic to hear. I think a lot of it may help him feel like there's strength building.


Try offering an avenue for strength building and trying to give him the option to commit to building new methods and give the pregnancy a chance vs abandoning you to full responsibility is worth putting out as an option.

It's unfortunate because his consent matters as much as yours in regards to having a child but... I feel like he threw away his respect for things by refusing to try pulling out and telling you to take care of it. I really don't think you should pursue an abortion without explaining things and trying to mediate in couples therapy and your own personal sessions with your therapist. I don't personally feel like you should get an abortion because I can understand how much it means to you and I know I wouldn't be able to give it up either if I were in that situation. You don't get the same privilege of other people with ovaries. You don't get a guarantee of being able to easily have another baby easily and you've been extraordinarily lucky with your two little beans. 

Either way, whatever the decision I wish you the best and am hoping and praying for your happiness.

Please update us!
