Hey personally I appreciate you reaching out and asking for clarification and wanting to understand things better. Personally I don't agree with the downvotes you're getting.  I thick its great you want to find out more and are curious which I welcome.  

Now I want to answer your questions with what I've concluded and gathered after having thought about all this and experienced in my life.  Also sorry this reply is so long.  

The solution isn't simply lay down and die.  Yes we want extinction but by the way you phrase it, it makes it sound worse than it really is.  We want to end suffering and create peace which you should know is impossible to achieve as long as live exist (especially humans).  Humans are always going to want more, we as a species can never have enough so we will always want more and this desire will lead to suffering. But again that's not to say we want to just lay down and die.  Personally I want to keep living and make the most of what I've been dealt in life.  I have desires and dreams of my own and I personally want to live a decently long life (although it can feel overwhelming at times thicking about living too long and dealing with all these thoughts of how horrible the world truly is but I'm working through it). We don't advocate for suicide, we simply just don't want more poeple coming into existence to experience the harshness of reality.

Humanity has grown and improved for thousands of years and yet there is still so much suffering in the world right now.   No matter how much we grow and improve, we will never be able to fully get rid of suffering. So long as we are alive there will always be pain around the corner.  Pain and suffering is impossible to completely wipe out unless you're plan is to just have your brain hooked up to a machine that keeps you locked in a dream world where you're basically God but at that point is that really living?  There will always be conflict so long as humans desire which is something we can't get rid of.  We all can't just come together and understand one another and live in harmony, that's a fairy tail dream and if you truly believe that's achievable than you are fooling yourself. And let's just say for arguments sake it is achievable one day in the future. How many more people have to suffer until we reach that point?  Are you ready to sacrifice your children, great grandchildren, and great great grandchildren just so those great great great grandchildren can experience unless inconvenience and suffer than we are now? What does that say about your character if your wiling to being in your own children into suffer for people who don't even exist now?

Reach out for the stars huh?  Yeah okay so we can invade another planet and drain it of all its resources and slowly kill it like we are doing to earth?  See that's you not really thinking through what you're saying.  You assume just because we reached the stars and can travel across galaxies that we somehow are better and happier?  Except no, it just proves how hungry we as a species are to expand and drain more from the universe because of our desire. How exactly does resching the stars make us better or happier as a species?  It only expands our area of effect which as our history shows is mostly destruction.  We will also be expanding the amount of suffering in the universe.  Do you really think that if we find other creatures similar to us that we will just get along and live happily ever after?  No it only means more wars and conflict. We can't even get along with ourselves, let alone aliens.  And thus we have expanded suffering to another set of life forms. 

Solving the problem is impossible as I've stated before. You really need to open your eyes to the harsh reality of the situation we as living entities have been put into.  I know thinking about all the horror in the world is not something we like to think about and that's natural but that's your brain tricking you because otherwise we'd go insane. This is why more poeple are becoming depressed in this day and age. Because we have access to so much information online that allows us to see all sides of the world and experience horrors that we would have otherwise not known about if we kept to ourselves.

 Look up the subreddit r/natureismetal.   I use to ignorantly think nature was beautiful and wonderful.  And Yay some animals ate each other but it was the cycle of life.  But that subreddit has shown me the true reality of what nature is. It's unforgiving, it's callus, it's unempathetic, it's horrible the things these creature have to go through.  Worse part is they are completely unaware and ignorant of the greater picture.  They breed off instinct without a second thought to the horror of what might await their young.   Well we are aware and I believe we can do better than them. We need to fight these primordial instincts to breed so we don't end up throwing new life into the gualet of suffering that is life itself.

And I know you might be thinking, dang this guy sounds depressed and down and must have a horrible life.  I don't actually.  I have a decent life.  I go to college, I work in at a job that I enjoy and makes a difference in people's lives, and I still manage to find time to socialize and have fun with friends on the weekends.  I'm a healthy individual with no health concerns.  I work out consistently and work on my own personal passion projects like making terrain, board games, cosplay etc (you can see in my post history).   All this while still whole heartily believing everything I have stated here. 

So I please ask that you think much harder about life and expand your perspective beyond your comfort zone. Don't remain ignorant and blind to the true reality of the universe like animals do. We can be better than them and do what's right.  The only true path to peace is voluntary extension. 

If you want to talk more about this or ask more more questions, my DMs are open and I'd be happy to talk more and expand on anything you want to know more of.
