Sure, when a person in a car accident becomes so dependent on my body for survival as a result that they literally leach calcium from my bones and redirect the flow of my blood vessels to feed themselves, and there is no way to separate us without killing them for months, I would be legally justified in having them surgically removed from my body.  Next time that happens, post a news article and we can discuss it.

Also, I’m not reducing women to incubators by using the shortest term that effectively means “people can become pregnant,” which just gets unwieldy. (Yes, there are uterus-havers who can’t become pregnant.  But most of those could become pregnant once or will be able to someday, so the removal of the agency of pregnant people by the state is really aimed at their personhood, too.  And I have more of a problem with language that overexcludes than language that overincludes. Basically, saying “people who share this body part,” rather than “women,” reminds people like you that it’s not just women who get pregnant.  “Females” or “biological women” excludes a not-insignificant number of people who can become pregnant, and if you don’t understand why, Google is available.  

You’re right.  As of now, abortion is still legal, so no one’s going to punish me for having sex.  But It’s pretty clear PLs want to.  When you say people have sex “recklessly and without regard for anyone else,” do you mean “some people don’t use birth control” or “some people have sex when they don’t want a child”?  You could easily mean either, and they are completely different discussions.  I didn’t say promoting abstinence was ineffective while arguing it’s a punishment, though there is no inherent contradiction in saying that.  I said promoting abstinence is ineffective AND a lot of PLs seem to think of pregnancy as a punishment, both of which are true.

You think people have sex because it’s what everyone else is doing?  That’s…a take that suggests to me that you are either very young or not allosexual and unaware of that, or both.  It’s not a point against you or anything, it just helps explain some things.
