Yes, but I think i never persued the right girls. From now on I will make sure to do so. I don't think the right girl for me will be one of those perfect shinny ones you see at school that always had a normal, healthy life. 

To me it will probably be one that had a more difficult life but is also conscientious and working on it.

I did persue a girl at school that I joined two years ago that was not right at all. She obviously had traumas and wasn't the best person. I was also a bit socially retarded still. I made a dumb comment on her decision of not wearing a bra that day, which she over reacted to and decided to tell a bunch of people while exaggerating the facts. 

For a while girls in my class thought I was creepy until most of them started noticing the great changes in me, not only physically but in maturity and mentally and that reputation pretty much died out. 

Much more recently, about 3 months ago, when I was coming back home from a night out a girl approached me asking for a cigarette. I fancied her irish accent and attitude and asked for her insta after a bit of banter. We went out 2 nights and on the second one some things went badly. She was tripping on a drug and to calm her down I was kissing her, talking to her and hugging her. I kept her tight in my arms without letting her move much because I noticed it made her feel that much more secure. Anyays a group of dumb, woke thugs accused me of drugging her and tried to rape her, took her away from me, beat me up and stole my pouch with my money. I woke up with a bloody nose with her calling me (luckily they didn't steal my phone) apparently they left her alone and unaware of her surroundings. We met up and in the heat of the moment I naively let out that "yes I did want to have sex with you but I would never do it with you in that state" which after me insisting she explained she said she didn't like. 

I don't think it's a fair or intelligent reason but I'm sure it wasn't the only one. 

We liked eachother but either she didn't like me as anything more than friends, or she didn't like me being direct like that or is the type of girl that doesn't like fuck boys and saw me saying I would liked to have sex with her that night as being a fuckboy.

I messaged her again for the first time today actually. Just because I want to see how that'll go. Anyways I see this girl at the gym which I gave a few tips to which is all smiles towards me. At the end of her session she came to me thanking me for the tips. I'll try to talk more to her.

I also learned A LOT about relationships, men and women through research and it's really helpful and has helped me grow. Everyone who struggles with it should give it a try, if they can gather the strength to actually grow from it.
