“You guys can do whatever you want, just don’t let it get in my way!”

Do you think transgender people ask for their brains’ hormones to be different from others? Do you think that transgender people want to be a burden to other people by simply just expressing their feelings and being who their brain tells them they are?
Don’t you think that transgender people would have rather been born their preferred gender??????
These people, who you call ill, or sick, or confused, are trying to fit into todays society, so they don’t have to get in your way. But to the people who “don’t want transgender people in their way,” maybe get the hell out of theirs, because while I know it’s only a very small percentage of the population, there is an active movement to silence these people. They are fighting for their rights to exist as they are, in their heads. So why not encourage them, instead of discourage. Create a path with them, instead of insisting on continuing yours without them. Even if you’re a radical who claims that they’re mentally ill, and they need to be nursed back to health, why not give these people the benefit of the doubt and ACTUALLY ignore what they have going on in their lives? And to those convinced that (from this thread btw) “Trans people don’t have a sense of humor.” Aside from the fact they’re being extremely prejudiced and ignorant, of course there is a radical majority upset at any bad mention, regardless of context, they have an entire history of people in power putting them down and stripping them of rights. We as a people should strive to bring each other up, not down, in this cold, cruel word. I’m not perfect, I don’t claim to be. But if you disagree with the gender vs sex argument, can you all just try to let it not affect you, like for real? Rather than leaving that bigoted comment about something you’ve never actually dealt with, maybe don’t let it get to you, and don’t force your uneducated, google-“researched” confirmation bias onto other people. Let’s all try to get along, and let’s try to be more inclusive.
