I think a large percentage of the blame, not all, rests on policies advocated, implemented and administered by big government progressives. The Great Society programs in the 60s began the process of replacing the need for a working father with a government check. The Crime Bill of the 90s sponsored by Joe Biden and signed by Bill Clinton imposed mandatory minimums on prison sentences for drug crimes and was prosecuted at much higher rate against black men. Prosecutors like Kamala Harris locked up a generation of mostly black men for low level drug crimes. Look at the proliferation of abortion clinics in poor, urban areas. In NYC the rate of black abortions outnumber black births. Add to this the "all or nothing" style social safety net that cuts off benefits and assistance as soon to you begin to help yourself leading many to choose not to work because the government help is a better income. 

All of these issues and factors cumulatively have created a perfect storm which is resulted in a multi-generational problem that we face today. It's totally fair to argue about current policies and what to do about them and certainly fair to be critical of both more liberal and more conservative policymakers and thinkers when trying to figure out a tenable solution. However the original question posted asking if it was fair to blame conservatives for for this problem is in my opinion disingenuous and ignorant of modern political history.  People on the left using fingerpointing and calling the other side racist makes for good memes on Twitter and headlines on CNN but ultimately it doesn't solve any problem for anybody that they claim to care about. The biggest problem at the conservatives have is the perception that they are at best apathetic to the problems in the black community and at worse actively work against solutions due to racial or ethnic differences. This like many other issues has devolved into political tribalism with both sides just throwing insults and false accusations rather than try to actually solve any problems. The answer is that neither Republicans or democrats you want to solve this problem because it's too valuable for them to use for fodder for fundraisers and scare tactics for campaigns. Just like so many other issues. 

Just my opinion, it's worth what you paid for it.
