One of the things I've been working on has everything to do with this messy world of subjective experiences.

Part 1. That everybody has a desire to experience the freedom to cause and create something wonderful for others and ourselves.

Part 2. At a certain age, we start to realize that there are certain thought patterns and certain things that we can do that can hinder, limit or eliminate our ability to experience this level of freedom.

Part 3. As toddlers, we start to experience and develop the desire that says feeling good is good and feeling bad is bad.

As young teenagers, we start to experience and develop the desire  that says looking good is good and looking bad is bad. It's even good to associate ourselves with that which looks good and bad to associate ourselves with that which looks bad. And this experience is built on top of the first experience that makes sure we feel good.

As a young adult we start to experience and develop the desire that says it is good to be wise and aware and it is bad to be unwise and unaware. This is built on top of the first two desires. And we will take the rest of our lives trying to figure this one out. Especially when circumstances and situations come at us and change up what challenges are facing.

In my previous response I mentioned the first two parts. So I want to say more about this part 3.

Not only do we develop the general desires to feel good, look good and be wise and aware, but we also as individuals, develop very specific survival techniques that allow us to overcome the first time we ever feel bad, look bad, and realize we are unwise and unaware. 

These individual survival strategies become a part of who you are. They are personal to you. And to recognize that already working within you, all you have to do is take a look inside.

When I was five I was made of fun of and it felt bad. I decided that I would rather be laughed with than laughed at. So I chose to use a strategy that I was familiar with. And that was being funny. So I made the class laugh with me. My first strategy was humor to survive when I was feeling bad. Being funny now is a part of my personality traits. But more specifically it's part of my survival strategy.

At age 12, I was made fun of again. It felt bad. And I used my humor to laugh it off. But they were laughing at my looks. And I didn't understand what it was about my looks that would have them laugh at me. I remember deciding that I needed to figure out why they were laughing at me. So I used one of the tools I was familiar with. And that tool was being intelligent. So I chose being smart as a survival strategy. Within 6 months I had already memorized against a book of world records. Just to practice getting to know things. Remembering things. And being able to utilize the things that I remembered and had learned. Being smart became a part of my personality traits. But more importantly it became part of my survival technique.

As a young adult, I lost three very important people in my life. My fiance of two and a half years. And my two roommates. I had done something to mess everything up. It felt bad. I sure didn't look good having everybody walk away from you. And I was an idiot because I had been unwise and unaware that my actions were going to cause such a disaster. What I saw was that I had been being harsh and mean. I chose to be nice. I knew how to be nice. But now it was more important to be nice more than ever. Becoming a nice guy became a part of my personality traits. But more importantly it became a part of my survival strategy.

I'm fully convinced that these experiences, is subjective as they are, our common to everybody. In 25 years filled with counseling, teaching, and working with individuals with the understandings of parts 1, 2 and 3, I've been able to get people to recognize what controls them. Which is the survival strategies. I've been able to get people to keep these survival strategies, while developing other strategies that have them move forward in life. Because it is these strategies that have a tendency to hinder our ability to experience the freedom we're all looking for.

It also turns out, and this is one of the most important aspects in this particular response. It turns out that our survival strategies, is what has us decide what we claim to be good and what we claim to be as bad.

And the concept here is exceedingly simple. If something makes us feel good, look good and be considered wise and aware. Then it's good. And if something makes us feel bad, look bad and be considered unwise and unaware, then it is bad.

Now obviously when you get into the studies of it it gets more complicated. But that is the basics of how it works.

All our concepts of fairness, Justice, selfishness, selflessness, even our ideas of being altruistic, are all found in these 3 parts of what I call the messy world of subjective experiences.

I don't think I've said anything controversial. I think I've said things that everybody relates to. I think what I've said are things that you can look in your own life and see as being the case. There might be some nuances, that would actually end up being covered in teaching or training once you start getting into the subject matter. But as stated, you should be able to see everything that I've said already going on within you. And none of everything I've said, is objective. Everything is subjective. From the get-go.

I would love to hear your comprehensive thoughts on this particular matter.

You mentioned earlier about how much you love talking about certain subjects. This happens to be my favorite subject. Your thoughts on the matter would mean the world to me.
