Fallout 1 &amp; 2 are pretty old isometric turn based cRPGs which are clunky to play now (they were already old and clunky when I played them around something like 2005), though they are absolutely drenched in amazing atmosphere. They are two separate though connected stories set years apart.

Fallout 3 was when Bethesda took over, and while I love their Elder Scrolls games, I didn't think they translated it well to Fallout. Their world was just too cheerful and unaware of anything having changed with the bombs having dropped (the first games were about brutal cults and gangs and mutations and water caravans and military survivors etc, in Fallout 3 if those appear they're just like a theme park sight-seeing attraction).

Fallout New Vegas was made by some of the original creators of 1 &amp; 2 afaik, using the engine of Fallout 3. It starts very slow and originally I gave up early on, however once you get past the slow part at the start where you're sort of wandering through wilderness and ruins as a kind of tutorial, it suddenly opens up into some amazing story about post-apocalyptic civilizations and factions which nails that sense of seriousness that Fallout 3 lacked.

I recently played Fallout 4, again made by Bethesda, and while it has a lot of flaws, it's a huge step up from Fallout 3 and feels closer to the originals. One of the worst things about it is that they have a 'backup' faction in case you screw things up with all the major story factions (it's got more possible game endings which eliminate huge chunks of the map than any other RPG I can ever remember playing). That backup faction is super weakly written and basically just fetch quests, but it's the first that people encounter so people misjudged a lot of the game's writing by thinking it was only like that, when in truth it does get pretty good. The map design is a bit of a boring sprawl without much rhyme or reason to it, but it's a very fun adventure since just about everything you pick up is useful for their new settlement building system.

I'd recommend either Fallout New Vegas (old and clunky now, though stuff like that matters less after you spend a few hours getting yourself immersed in any game I've found) or Fallout 4 for something more modern and also pretty good in different ways.
