Several fines are 100% of what is owed. So, if you owe an additional $50, you get another $50 in fines, and then there may be interest on "their" money you didn't pay, too.
The point is to find every way possible to hurt the population, with the goal being ensure the people cannot afford to leave. This is how the Jizyah tax worked in the Caliphate. Pay everything you make in taxes, save what allows a slave's existence. You cannot have enough to afford to leave, you see. That would hurt those in power.

I'm more of a minarchist, I guess. I want government to do its job, not tell me how to live. I am a lapsed Catholic because of the stupidity being told to me, of how I MUST live, while those in power do not adhere to that very rule. I see the same right now in Leftist government, but to be fair: the right ain't no angels, we need a hard reset, even Rand Paul is too authoritarian at this point....  We're facing a hard reset with the Great Reset, and the vaccine mandates are about keeping the population in a downward spiral, too. Food and drugs are not being unloaded, forget manufactured goods. Economy is shut down, with suppliers out of business. Suppliers meaning manufacturers of wood pump products (paper, cardboard, boxes, shipping supplies), raw metal ores not being extracted or refined, food not being farmed or processed...  How is ANY of this conserving ANYTHING? The cure is worse than the disease, and per CDC, the "cure" doesn't work. (Not the best source, sorry: https://www.con-alerts.com/cdc-admits-the-covid-vaccine-doesnt-work/)

The system isn't broken, though, it's working as designed. What are we conserving, when Turtle McConnell GIVES IN every time? He's only the latest, of course...  Republicans have proven adept at snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. For years, maybe decades ... It's enough to make one wonder if they aren't controlled opposition, but looking through history, I don't know. It's more likely they're just unaware, and unwilling to take a hard stand against the tide. No one likes the doctor who tells it like it is (Trump). They prefer the pretty lies.

And we all get hurt as a result.
