Oh my god, OP, I am so sorry and disgusted that this happened to you. I wish I could call you or something and talk you through this. PLEASE listen to what others are saying here. What happened is in NO way your fault. 

The fact that you didn't fight back harder says NOTHING about your strength as a woman or a human. People experience wide varieties of emotions and sensations during assault. TRIGGER WARNING: Speaking personally,&gt;! I went back and forth between feeling completely numb and unaware of what was happening, and feeling completely frozen while being totally aware of what was happening. In one instance my brain would be screaming at my arms and legs to "fight back", but my limbs wouldn't move. In the next instance I was dissociating totally and had no thoughts other than a dull and muted "When will this be over".!&lt;I didn't fight back. It didn't mean that I was weak, and it doesn't mean that for you. 

I'll add another endorsement for RAINN if you're in the US. Not only can they get you in contact with centers that can provide Plan B free of charge, their staff are trained advocates who's primary jobs are to LISTEN to you free of judgement, provide you with options, and help you navigate those options whatever they may be. The options range in everything from getting a rape kit done at a hospital, to reporting to the police, to importantly, doing NOTHING. I know a lot of people here are telling you to file a police report, and you absolutely should if that's what you feel comfortable doing. But many people chose not to report for a multitude of reasons, and an advocate will sit with you in that decision as well. If all you want is to get Plan B and talk through your experience, RAINN will do that for you. I will say that their staff need to follow state reporting laws, which usually means that they would be mandated to make a report if they think that you are planning on harming yourself or another. 

Also, (and someone please correct me if I'm wrong) but I know that in some states, RAINN has connections with organizations that will try to send a licensed advocate to be with you should you choose to report to the police. Sometimes that advocate can also be available to be with you through any subsequent court cases should those come up. I don't know how/if that's changed to follow COVID protocols. 

Last thing - the gross feeling. That's independent to every person. The best thing I can recommend is finding a therapist, ideally one who specializes in trauma. Your road ahead, emotionally, will likely be unpredictable. The gross feeling may not dissipate for a long while. It may come and go in waves both large and small. There may be stretches of time - years, months, weeks, days, or even minutes - where you feel as though you can go about your "normal" life, and there may be stretches of time where the gross feeling and the memory of what happened seem entirely inescapable. All of this is normal, as far as we can define what normal is with regard to trauma responses. A good therapist will provide you with tools to confront and/or reframe your responses to the unpredictable. 

I know money may be an issue for you, but there are plenty of resources for free online counseling out there. I haven't used the free ones myself, but I'm sure someone who has can attest to their experience and give a recommendation. 

Please take care of yourself, love. And know that there are already a horde of people on here who care about you and don't judge.
