Yes, but that is just because of how people define intelligence. To me real intelligence is more than specific intelligence. Just because you can solve Maas Waveforms doesn't' mean you are generally intelligent even though only mathematical geniuses can solve such things. Specific knowledge is easy to gain by investing the time and most people have high levels of specific knowledge in some area but most people(99.9) are clueless about global intelligence.

I think capitalism essentially is the modern form of slavery where instead of ships and shackles fiat is used to control people and the manipulation is much more subtle. The reason is that there are too many apes and if apes really knew they were slaves then they would revolt and fight back(and this is why robotics is so dangerous as they will end up being used as slave drivers by the elites rather than being used "slaves" themselves to empower humanity).

Basically the elites have to balance keeping us as enslave as possible without cluing us in and without overdoing it and setting us off. I think they are losing this battle. Also, the elites is a vague category that involves old and new money and it more is a lose cabal of psychopaths who just want as much power as they can get and then they surround themselves with a bunch of sociopaths who will do their bidding for $$$.

I think a lot of slaves are becoming aware due to the information age and those around 40 years of age sort of have a dual view of how it was vs how it's going. The younger generations know it sucks but don't have a reference point(although they will when they get older). People around 40 also have been able to take advantage of the massive information(if they chose to) and so have much broader context than anyone else. The boomers are generally clueless and simply want to retain their comfortable life styles(the ones who are well off at least) and keep the status quo. For them it's usually just politicians and either the dems or repubs are the problem and it's no actually complicated. They also generally believe capitalism is good and works and that people living under bridges are just lazy. They also generally believe rich people work very hard for their money. Of course their belief system, while in their time not as obviously insane as it is now, has lead to what we have now.

So there is this massive dynamic that is taking place that the very fabric of humanity is being pulled apart. WE used to be unified in our ignorance and locally but things have changed so quick due to science and tech that it's literally pulling the fabric of our realty apart. I believe this is causing massive psychological problems in humanity that almost no one really understands but many people are "feeling it" to various degree's. I think it's quite complex and due to many reasons(not just tech but the enslavement due to greed, the lack of wealth to actually survive(e.g., because of health care costs, exercise, etc), the integration of all of societies(which is causing friction in many ways), etc. But we are at the point where humanity, in the global sense, is just starting to have to deal with these problems and they no longer can be swept under the rug.

This wouldn't be so bad IF our "leaders" were not the most insane and ignorant of humanity.... but they effectively are. So I expect things to be much worse before they get better, if they get better(for all of us, rather than Bezos, Musk, and the rest of the elites). Another major problem is that most of the slaves are still quite ignorant and greedy themselves(they are no different than the elites... same psychological problems except they are poor. If you give them wealth they will end up being just like wealthy people are now). 

So who knows, I guess if it doesn't work out it will all be pointless and if it does then it will be a "great story".
