As I stated if you NEED to stay home something is most likely not going right in your life.

You have biological urges and if staying home is way better than being out exploring the world, something is not quite right.

I went through the same thing. I've already gone through the burnout and sorted out my mental health issues. I was an introverted social butterfly, then preferred being home and alone a lot for several years. 

I was diabetic and unaware of it. I've reversed a lot of the damage. At one point I was 384lbs, now I am 205lbs. I am also showing signs of rheumatoid arthritis, which now all the pain is gone.

Essentially my dietary choices were causing me health problems that was including mental problems I was completely unaware at first.

We are design to survive. If we are hiding from life and it feels great something is off.

There are studies all over the world popping up about gut microbiomes and what toxins and vitamins / mineral deficiencies may be causing.

For instance I was reading a study where they suspect that a vitamin b12 deficiency may be link to the trigger of schizophrenia. Almost all off the autoimmune communities have research suggesting that the start of the illness may be in the stomach with the microbiology being thrown off.

People all over the world making statements about "it took a few years of learning how to eat bot now I now long have lupus flare-ups" or "no more MS flare-ups". I have even seen people say eating cleaner caused their autism to go away.

1 year ago I took that knowledge and started figuring it out. Everything those people were saying seems to be true to me. I'm not longer hiding at home burnt out and all of my autistic like characteristics are currently gone.

I can bring it all back though. I just need to go back to eating the typical North American diet of take out and pre-packaged store food.

Sometimes just eating a little bit too much of a thing we like or not enough of a type of food is enough to send a person down a mental health spiral.

This past weekend I did a 72 hour fast. I researched it heavily before I did it do I did not make any mistakes. It can harm you if done wrong. After 72 hours so many of my current issues went away and I saw some major improvements like my brain feels 20 years younger and my good memory from when I was younger seems to be firing again.

All from detoxing from foods.

Humans need prebiotic foods and probiotic foods to keep their stomachs healthy. We also need to do things like chew our food ample to make it easier to digest, failing to do so allows larger pieces of food to get into your digestive track and your immune system will temporarily attack it until its gone because it's trying to leak into your body.

So when we toss our stomach health off in any capacity it puts us at risk for either not feeling well temporarily, or having mental health / cognitive decline issues. These are only temporary, unless you abuse your body like I did. Then they become long term issues.

Just start googling terms like gut microbiome or leaky gut syndrome with other terms like lupus, autism, diabetes, mental health.

It's not 100% the cause of these issues for everyone, but for many of us it is. Sadly it may be the biggest factor in all of our challenges.
