&gt;I have addressed it enough times. People don't have the inherent right to a livelihood. 

So, slavery? People actually do have the human right to recompense. Why do you think that when a person with agency has decided to monetarily support themselves and curate their content around it as they see fit, it is bullshit? They get to create it, you can choose to consume it or not. Why are you deserving of content free of advertising and they are not deserving of compensation for that work?

&gt;I didn't say they weren't allowed. I said that the way many of them pull it off is bullshit. 

Sorry, but calling it unethical and scummy sounds like you don't want it allowed. Who has an ethical complaint and then does nothing about it? Either admit to it or admit to the fact you overexaggerated your position, just don't try to obfuscate the point.

&gt;How about people who's livelihood is on the robot calls asking about your cars extended warranty? Don't they deserve a living? Yeah, they're people, so it's nice if they are supported, but the way they accomplish it....is BS

Yeah, they deserve a living, the calls aren't bullshit or unethical even if they are annoying. 

How would you suggest they be allowed to financially support themselves? And again, why is this method bullshit other than you find it inconveniencing? You still do not provide a justification. 

&gt;Also, I can't believe you actually think Beethoven is "high art" and Green Day is not. That was supposed to be an absurd example, but apparently you actually think that haha. Clearly your opinions are based on the established/normie ideals around you. Have an original though, dude.

I politely asked for us to remain on topic and for the insults to stop, if you would rather not, let me know and I will cease correspondence. I love Green Day, doesn't make it high art though. You need to come up with better absurd examples if that was your attempt given that they are clearly received differnetly by the wider society. My opinions are not what I am basing high art, you presume too much about "normie" ideals, whatever you think those are. 

&gt;Especially since, fairly unrelated, but among classical and baroque musicians, Beethoven is easily one of the simpler and less talented. Try Bach, Handel, Liszt, and Tychavovsky. They make Beethoven look like a little kid.

That is subjective and ignorant of the fact that simplicity and talent are again not criteria of defining high art. Also of note is that each of those musicians are also considered high art. Maybe it is you that needs an original thought... dude.
