My new therapist is amazing. My other therapists were good, but this one specializes in CPTSD. I feel like I'm making leaps and bounds with her, but I'll probably always need a therapist  to keep my relationships healthy. She is great in telling me how to talk to my husband about issues. I know this issue will eat at me so I need to have a discussion with my husband before my next appointment. 

&gt; You are a wonderful mama. You are a valuable person! You work hard.

It is so sad how much I need to read this.

&gt; Have you ever thought maybe he uses the lack of compliments to hurt you? He can easily hurt your pride when he refuses sex. Is it control?

My husband is not cruel or malicious. I know he doesn't purposely hurt me. He constantly tells me he loves and and we hold hands often. He is a kind man. He listens to my trauma and assures me that it was abuse. He has never insulted me, never passive aggressive, never raised his voice at me etc.

&gt; Was it just stress?

He says he was horribly bullied in school and he doesn't believe I actually want sex with him. Our marriage counselor focused on this a lot, but he is still insecure. He is also not comfortable talking about sex. He makes sure I enjoy sex and orgasm, but doesn't ask about my fantasies. I've accepted that he isn't very sexual and vanilla type guy and that helps with my insecurities. 

&gt; Is he just average and ignorant of your needs?

I think he assumed I was just independent, but after my second hospitalization, he realized that it was impossible for me to ask anybody for help and that I am an extreme form of people pleaser. He now voluntarily do things for me without needing me to ask.

&gt; Does he do anything that makes you happy? Or feel good?

Yes definitely. We do a lot of things as a family and we still go on dates. I enjoy our conversations together. 

&gt; Groups to enjoy your hobbies, play instrument, sew/knit, book club, the gym..whatever your passion or want to learn.

I am actually a bit of a serial hobbyist. My parents never supported my requests and I had to do what they wanted me to get into. I'm constantly learning new skills, starting new hobbies, and dropping hobbies for another. The hobby I keep active in is gardening. I have a separate budget for my hobbies. 

&gt; Possibly r/deadbedroom or whatever it’s named can give you some tips.

I use to be active there, but have pulled away. I got a lot of private messages from men looking to exploit my vulnerability to meet their sexual needs. r/Deadbedrooms can be toxic because there are men complaining about no sex even though their wife does majority of the chores/childcare. Not all men, obviously. Just frustrating that those toxic men deny any responsibility. 

Thank you for responding.
