I can’t quite pin it. It’s surreal to me. We have countless vaccines, medicines, pills, treatments etc. for all kinds of illness and people trust their doctor just fine and have so their whole lives. 

Now the medical field which they were comfortable with the last few decades, suddenly they’re evil and their medicine is poison and the devil himself made the vaccine? Wtf?

I personally don’t think it has anything to do with masks or the vaccine. These are symbols through which people project our growing collective divide. Our society has gone through a lot, especially over the last 20 years. Terrorism, wars, financial crises, diminishing purchasing power, environmental fears, drug epidemics, racism, mass shootings, and now a pandemic. All on top of an ever-divided political aisle.

People lack both the intelligence and the platform to express their frustrations in a constructive matter that will be listened to. That combination means the expression to want change gets perverted into fanatical, nonsensical, and fruitless efforts. Namely, not wanting to wear a mask or take a vaccine to preserve your freedom. Pure irrationality.

Honestly, i think it is a cry for help when these people dismantle their life to avoid a vaccine. And not the whiny til you video “blah blah please feel sorry for me because I’m a fucking dumbass” kind of cry for help. Rather these people are so deeply uncentered, ungrounded and unaware that they use the mandate as a means to release the emotion that they’ve had built up inside caused by other unaddressed issues. 

It’s like when someone is having a bad day, but they are keeping it together. Then when they get home, they drop their mail in the gutter water and just lose their shit finally and get upset and swear and start letting out all the frustration from the day. The mail getting dropped is arbitrary. Not a big deal. But it is the straw that broke the camel’s back to released all of the negative emotions.

That’s all masks and mandates are. They are arbitrary and meaningless symbols. It’s just people don’t have the capacity to express their suffering or seek help in clear ways, so instead they project onto something arbitrary that isn’t the cause of the emotional flailing, it’s just the trigger of something deeper.

People just lack awareness to realize this projection and recognize their unhappiness stems from somewhere else. A person ought to focus on finding what that true source of unhappiness is and less time pretending like masks and vaccines are evil.
