

Honestly this is such a privileged take from someone who had probably, already, successfully gotten an online job when this was posted. I fully understand that on subs like this, hundreds of people will post the same obvious question, even with a mega-thread pinned to the top of the sub. But I and many others have done all the things that “ain’t exactly rocket science” like “going to a job engine site”, having certifications and or taking courses, having experience in the field or even a degree, applying, doing hours long qualification tests, and interviewing, just to not even get a reply back saying we didn’t get the position. Many of which applied to a similar position in person and they got the job. 

Yes I’m sure many people come on here just asking what can I do, just expecting a simple answer without doing even a Google search by themselves. But many people, myself included, want to know what companies have actually hired you, what sites we should avoid, lesser known tips, ways they filter out candidates, or even specific jobs that aren’t very common, that may fit us very well. Not to mention those who may be older or less inclined to the internet, especially with such a new thing as working online, and simply don’t know where to begin. And telling them do the obvious thing like go on job sites or take courses, just to be sarcastic and ironic towards the few people that come on here without putting in any thought, isn’t helping anyone. Especially when you posted it in a format that seemed like it could actually be helpful for the people who really need it. 

It honestly comes off as extremely privileged, and unaware of how things actually are for most people. Like can we address how ridiculous it is that we’re supposed to spend hundreds out of our own pocket (or at the very least our time) on courses, on very specific skills, for the OPPORTUNITY to get a job. For the certificate to prove we’re certified or have experience, on something that can easily be trained or that most people can pick up  on their own. Where they still may not even respond to you, let alone hire you. And the people that come here wondering why this may be happening, (even though they aren’t being “lazy” ) and want to know ways to combat this, from people that may have succeed in the past. Get treated with a post like this pinned to the top of the sub? No wonder trying to find a job online is so bad, people with zero human empathy, and common sense, like you, are the ones behind the desk, already secured in their future, making these comments about “lazy” people, and deciding wether they’re worthy for a barely livable wage position, that still could be the difference between being homeless and having food on the table.
