What I’m saying is that it’s fine to praise the founders for setting a liberal democracy, but it’s not okay to brush their flaws under the rug because they set up a liberal democracy. They had flaws, and historians are honest about those flaws. 

They absolutely could have outlawed slavery, which at the time was in decline, but they were too afraid to lose souther slave state support for the Revolution.  They could have offered a compensated emancipation for in return for revolutionary support, but they didn’t. 

Abolition was not that radical. And no, it wasn’t “conservative Christians” who led the fight for abolition. It was the radical progressive Christians. Abolition, while not that outside the norm, was still a progressive position at the point. It progressed society away from the conservative norm. 

Thaddeus Stevens, the most radical of the Radical Republicans, was a progressive, not a conservative. 

When did I disparage the government the founders set up? I didn’t. I just refuse to put them on pedestal because they did that. They still had flaws, and the ethical duty of historians is to be honest about both the good and the bad, but the 1776 Report ignores or defends the bad. That’s not good history, that’s just hero-worship.

Take for instance, one of my historical heroes: Ulysses S. Grant. Great general (literally one of the best of all time), the first president to defend and promote the civil rights of the now freed black population of America, destroyed the first incarnation of the KKK through the establishment of the justice department. He was also painfully naive and unaware of the intentions of others. People took advantage of that which led to a very corrupt presidential admin, run by a very non corrupt president. The continuation of the Indian Wars under his presidency also is a black mark his book. It’s entirely possible to praise and critique in equal measure. 

I have read the 1776 Report. All 40-some odd pages of it. It’s a work lacking in historical detail and honesty and dismisses or ignores any criticism that makes America not look squeaky clean.  Fuck that. That’s not honesty. America is a great nation, but it’s not without its faults. 

“Find it yourself”. No. You made a claim, provide the source. 

LGBT is a collection of sexual preferences. It is not an ideology. 

Your criticisms are biased pro-conservative anti-intellectual bullshit. Knock it off. Bye bye. I’m done with this, engaging with good faith is obviously something you’re incapable of doing.
