&gt;The research available seems to make it clear that 2 biological parents raising children in the same household is the best environment for the overall health and wellbeing of the child

\[citation needed\]

Also, this is extremely heteronormative, and ignorant of the fact that non-biological parents generally have to be assessed extensively in order to be considered able to foster/adopt, whereas biological parents can have as many kids as they like regardless of their ability.

&gt;But when there is less incentive to get married and stay married, the result is that we statistically produce weaker, smaller, and/or less families.

\[citation needed\]

Also, marriage is not necessary for a nuclear family and vice versa.

&gt;This is important because we need strong and plentiful families to prevent things like aging population which spell long term disaster for the very welfare systems we implement to replace things like the former roles of the family.

I hate to break it to you, but the population will continue to age with or without families. In fact, surely fewer families will lessen the aging population in future? Unless you mean that more children need to be born to support the already living adults, which sounds like a ponzi scheme.

Governments absolutely should be helping those who need it; that is the point of governments. Relying on families to support the elderly can quite often be socially, financially and physically to the carers, especially if they have no outside support.

&gt;It's noticeable that marriage, and even more so religion namely Christianity in the West, tend to spell out the strength of a nation's families, and vice versa. But these seem to be very much at odds with the agendas of much of feminist politics.

The position of feminist politics is that women should have the freedom to decide what they want to do with their lives and with who, if anyone, they wish to spend it. Traditional marriage and the nuclear family are not bad things to have in and of themselves, but nobody should feel compelled towards them just because it was the norm in the past.

Civil marriage is essentially a legal contract between two people for their mutual benefit. It may have more meaning to some people, but you can have the pomp and the promises without the legal instrument and vice versa. If a relationship is not working out, you generally should not remain in it. I believe that even if you have children, it's better for them if their parents split up rather than remain in a degrading relationship.

TL;DR don't get married unless you really want to, it's OK to get divorced if it's not working out, and you don't need to be married and biological parents to have kids.
