&gt;I appreciate this very much. I’ve learned at times when ideas hit home, sometimes me responding at length obscures the ideas that were said. So in that sense, I actually read, felt validated, and don’t know if I have much to say. Only just a good feeling toward a lot of that. I have Jewish blood in me but I’ve very clearly taken a non-faith based path once I reached my mature self as it is today. I’m not sure how to regard my religion yet, or ideas of how I may be protected by God, but that aside, my entire existence as of late has been purely of the directly experiencing nature. And it’s so good to hear that you’ve experienced similar things. I am constantly reminded of the agony that is occurring all around me. I would go far as to say when I fully lose context of what I am and where I am (as in, I know it’s called the world, a floating planet in space, but the feeling when I realize there’s no actual context or end to the confusion I feel when I try to think about what I am) and the subsequent confusion and terror ensues, I think very much in the background is the awareness of just how bad things are for people all across this place we live. I sometimes cannot shift into bliss for this very reason. The closer I get to what may be looked at as truth from a dhammic (am I saying that right) standpoint, where I feel to not exist in the sense I thought I once did, is the recognition of those still feeling very much to be existing and unaware of this other place we may reach or reside, and how they just don’t know there’s something else to this all. My mind and body hurts for them, but I also feel isolated knowing few people understand. Because I’m hurting too. I’m psychologically damaged by this path, it’s just true. I want to believe it was all for something, but sometimes I doubt it so much I feel I’m being toyed with or punished for trying to have a divine realization. I’m defeated and scared right now.

I have been at a similar place, able to see some of the way of things, but still frustrated, maddened by the things you have listed- lovingkindness was experienced as a *painful* sensation because of the sheer magnitude of sorrows perceived. 

To the eye without filtering lenses, the Sun is a blinding and painful thing. Having the ability to cock your head back and look directly at it doesn't mean it won't immediately induce pain, unfortunately.

&gt;I can vibe with what you mean to cut someone a break for their honest opinion. They (the other commenter) were very gracious in apologizing for communicating in a way that didn’t resonate with me. I kind of knew it would happen though. That’s why in my original post I said I’m fearful of what responses I’m going to get - that fear was very specifically, based on prior readings or posting here, was more me dreading the inevitable commentary that what I’m experiencing is either not true, only a beginners stage, or at the mind-level, implying it’s not significant. That’s why I made sure to say I’m not making any claims here about where I stand. I just dislike this idea that everything has to be interpreted as what stage you’re at. I do not like posting in [r/awakened](https://www.reddit.com/r/awakened) anymore because it’s gotten so cliche - someone would say, yes, this is the dark night of the soul, or something about how it “sounds.” I prefer not to think in terms of this one-way trajectory although I can understand how even in Buddhism there still is the idea of stages and I see some validity in it, but sometimes things just don’t fit any model. 

It may be of worth for you if I note here that "Buddhism" is a broad umbrella, and further, not everyone pursuing nibbana even calls themselves such. There are multiple larger and smaller sects, various areas of harmony and discord within doctrine.

There are many concepts discussed through other routes and disciplines that independently arrive at similar conclusions to the dhamma, as well, though the specific and exact higher attainments are unique to the dhammic approach, the others very much are not- some of the early chiefest monks had high attainments and abilities from *other* disciplines before becoming arahants. You won't find the *end* of suffering anywhere else, but you find a *lot* of the broad strokes realized again and again across cultures, traditions, and disciplines.

"Things not fitting the model" is an inherent feature of reality. Models and maps are translations of one or multiple people's experience of A Phenomenon, rendered in words, then rendered *back* from words into mind-moments by other, different brains.

&gt;Thanks for your ideas. I’m not sure Buddhism is for me, because of its rigidity, but I also recognize I haven’t had that pure awareness of non-duality - although have come close, I mean who knows maybe I have? Idk. I can’t tell if I’m doubting myself or lying to myself, I hate it (although I’ve had other types of phenomena) so I get why it can be seen as a path with a start and end. It used to feel good now it doesn’t.

I didn't come to Buddhism as an upset person in need of relief. Rather, I found Gautama's words well *after* experiencing some extraordinary things as a result of independent meditation and focus with the goal of becoming free of my pain, realizing how He was discussing things *very* much in line with my experience, and deciding to continue on taking things at face value.

The reason I say this is to dispel the idea that clinging to a specific path in your mind beforehand, a certain expectation of how things will go, or *must* be- is permanent. There is no other way to state this, than to be quite honest that one day there was doubt and confusion and questions, and another there *wasn't.* 

So, from my view, I'm not preaching a specific dogma or stating you must do this or that, merely attesting to what has taken place and on whose good advice :)

To me, the Eightfold Path is anything *but* rigid or confining. It demands only of you those things which ultimately better yourself in a tangible, real-world way.

&gt;I deleted my post just so I don’t have to deal with the anger I would feel if someone told me again I was just dissociating or if someone made a judgement on how I’m some beginner. I just don’t care for judging attainment anymore. All I know is things get weird. I like weird sometimes but sometimes I have been suicidal and felt schizophrenic. Even though schizophrenia runs in my family, lots of what I experience was a direct result of observing my mind and surroundings. There’s no going back now, it makes me fearful. I want to cling to things like spirits and deities now more than ever but deep down I only sometimes believe in them. I can’t feel them there for the life of me. It’s very isolating to completely lose all sense of an identity while also being filled with adrenaline. 

This reads not dissimilar to a journal entry I could have written myself. The vacillation between awareness of Things Bigger, and a total void of belief. The extreme swings of adrenaline that seemingly leave nothing in their wake. It doesn't have to be a permanent state.

&gt;I don’t even have faith or trust in the Buddha. I wish I did. I wanted this path but I’m not sure my personality type jives with it now. It’s so funny, now I want to believe in God. I’m scared. But I just have to reiterate it’s not like I had, what my one friend who annoys me says, was a shattering of mind and now fear to overcome before bliss. That’s almost fallacy in its linearity. I’ve been up and down and all around. And any happiness that may come gets shot down when I think of all the threats that exist in the world.

"Now I *want* to believe in God" sounds familiar, as well. Wishing someone existed who could bail you out of what you've thought your way into is a place I know intimately. I was what could be charitably referred to as *recalcitrantly faithless*, always treating the advice of the wise with respect, but never able to trust any of it on words alone.

How fortunate for the both of us that direct experience is the whole point, and all the faith in the world won't get you there. Of course a certain *degree* of trust in the process and that it can actually work is needed, but this is *not* the same thing as the near-mythological inspired Faith of Western myths. 

If the whole thing was *just* people sincerely believing in things, then it would all be a lie and without a purpose. Be as skeptical as you like, if you pursue the path in spite of it, the results will arrive all the same and eventually erase said skeptcism.

&gt;Definitely would like to chat more here or in a message. I think even though I deleted the post responses would still work right? 

Yes, comment responses are saved regardless :)
