It’s definitely a red flag sis. Ensuring you get home safe is the bare minimum. The absolute bare minimum. A man who cares about you should want to ensure that you feel safe and protected. My ex actually had a similar mentality and I’m here to tell you now that things won’t get better. He would wait with me if we were out late, but he had absolutely no understanding of why I felt unsafe in the first place which was absolutely mind-boggling to me. He only waited with me because I told him to, but he still didn’t understand *why*. We ended up having many arguments about this and it turns out that he had no understanding of any of the shit that women go through. He was even offended when I told him that as a woman, I will never feel as safe as he does as a man. He said, “well, I could still get mugged or attacked”. I was absolutely speechless. Like yeah, of course that could happen, but I’m female, much smaller than you and have nowhere near as much physical strength as the average man so how the hell do you think I feel? I just know that he’d be the type to say “not all men” and would have absolutely no idea why a woman could feel unsafe in the presence of a man, especially when alone late at night with no one around to protect you. 

Anyway, back to your situation - in the grand scheme of things, you’re not even asking for much. The fact that your own boyfriend can’t even spend a mere 15 minutes to ensure that you get home safe is honestly quite disgusting. What will this man be like as a husband and a father if he shows such little concern towards your safety now? I will also add that it’s incredibly fucked up that a 29 year old man has no clue about the male inflicted violence that women and girls experience. 

My ex is the same age as yours and I was shocked that over all those years, he was just somehow unaware and unwilling to understand the problem. He *is* middle class, so perhaps he’s been sheltered, but that’s no excuse. He’s gone to school and university. He’s had female friends. Surely he’s seen the precautions that they take to look out for each other and get home safely? Surely he’s seen the behaviour of his male peers and is aware of the threat imposed on women? I didn’t want to be with a man who was so obtuse. He wasn’t even meeting the bare minimum standards that I looked for in a man. 

Also, like you, me and my friends always ask each other if we made it home safe. If this is the way your friends are, why would you be in a relationship with a man who doesn’t even show half as much concern as they do? 

I’m sorry for this incredibly long response, but having gone through the same thing, I know how you feel and how sickening it is to not have a partner who does the bare minimum to ensure you feel safe and protected.
