Your Kind of taking compassion to such an extreme length that it fails to be compassion anymore. It’s more about your extreme judgement that affecting anything at all throughout your course of life is antithetical to compassion. That in order to truly be compassion we must all exist in our own self contained bubbles and not interact with each other. Eating Food is but one of the ways we interact with our conscious reality. To take you extreme definition to the very limits would be zero interaction at all for the preservation of all the consciousness in the universe, everything allowed to be as it is forever. Like a cosmic museum. 

Not only would this be boring if this were the goal of enlightenment/compassion, no teacher would ever teach, no story would ever be told to another, no meal would be eaten or made up, nothing could be done for it is the interaction between all things that creates all things as they are continuously changing. Your extreme of compassion though focused on what you eat, could logically be taken to such extremes that it’s compassion without interaction. 

I’ll stay in my corner you stay in yours and we’ll never have that boxing match which gives everyone a little entertainment. No extreme compassion dictates we’re not even allowed to converse let alone hit each other for sport.

I eat food meat included cause I enjoy it and I compassionately and gratefully thank this interactive universe for taking billions of years to create an experience where I can sit down and eat a steak fresh from the grill. That took not months or years to create that took billions and if you release judgement about which foods are right and which are wrong you’ll see that it’s completely fine for the universe to want to experience eating a steak. Evolution is a microscopic idea compared to the divine planning that went into creating humans that create this entire reality. Billions of years of compassion and hard work from entities above and below every spectrum all interacting with each other, some doing “bad” thing some doing “good” things, the compassionate universe does not judge.

Compassion is not about right or wrong, or not changing anything or not allowing oneself to change anything. That angle is extreme mercy to the point of being an ineffectual, you’ll get rolled over by a strong wind with that attitude and it will be your own fault. 

True compassion is allowing things to be as they are: ever changing. Accepting that if you trod on a snail or ate some chicken that that is as natural as a star being absorbed by a black hole or a lion eating a zebra. Any and all are an act within consciousness, an act of God and it makes little sense refusing to act in the name of self preservation or compassion to this extreme. Why so serious? Eat some food consider that your food enjoys being eaten just as much as you enjoy eating it.

Imagine this, consciousness is in the process of dying and reincarnating all the time as is energy.

So a Cow, lives it’s life composed of billions of bio organism that themselves are composed of energy, muscles and shit I don’t really know the ingredients of a cow coz I never check the instructions but the cow is energy it’s also got a consciousness that is cow.

When the cow dies is broken down into its constituent parts and transformed into a burger that cows consciousness is no longer there, that cow is probably reincarnated into another cow already. 

The constituent parts that make up the mince that become a burger, that consciousness thats more like a compilation of different consciousness, it’s the same energy from parts of the cow now recreated in a different form: a burger.

That burger so created by man has no other purpose than to be eaten. 
It’s like sausage party, it’s literally chilling in the packet waiting to be taken home by the gods.

Now that movie for comedic effect makes sense it seem like the food is terrified and ignorant of being eaten but consciousness at this level is probably blissed out or at the very least responds to the consciousness of the people around it. 

Human consciousness is the active consciousness in most situations here on earth. Human consciousness creates this reality and if you’ll experiment with this, you can change how your food tastes with your consciousness.

I did this with wraps from a meal deal, you can take the food hold it in your hands and feel gratitude before you eat it. It’s tastes slightly better as the food responds to your consciousness. Just try it. 

get around your problem either by understanding how consciousness really works at the level of our food or letting go of such an extreme definition of compassion. Nobody’s asking you to limit yourself the universe is crazy abundant but if you limit your experience because you don’t want to step on any body else’s toes you’ll only make us all bereft of the change you could have had on the world, first things first you got to eat unless you’ve figured out how to get energy from inside like I have then you only eat coz you enjoy it 😉
