&gt; Do your research, all the ancient mystery schools and eastern religions like Buddhism and Hinduism acknowledge that you are in a cycle of reincarnation, which you have to find a way to liberate yourself out of it.

Religious dogma drummed into the heads of the religious over millennia isn't evidence of reincarnation being a "trap".

According to the research in https://www.amazon.com/Journey-Souls-Studies-Between-Lives/dp/1567184855 by Michael Newton, we repeatedly reincarnate in order to gain experiences and understandings that are chosen to help us grow wiser as Souls.

Reincarnation is a choice we make, and one that we can choose not to repeat. The caveat being that we must complete each incarnation cycle until it ends however it does. And then, as a Soul that recalls why it incarnated, it can choose to plan its next reincarnation, if it deems it necessary.

&gt; I said what I said is the way out because that’s how I have obtained understanding on my true self and what this reality is, I have experienced through deep meditation being an eternal infinite consciousness, I talk about this on my pinned post on r/reincarnationtruth , I also have induced knowledge from this higher consciousness while manifested as it.

Okay... you say this, but your words don't show an actual understanding of your true self or what this reality is. Your post even contradicts this, as you push fear-based dogmatism that does nothing but make people afraid of both death and life. The fear-based belief of thinking that this reality is a soul prison, and that death only causes you to remain trapped if you don't fulfill the super-vague, and thus unobtainable, requirements, only perpetuates the cycle of fear.

It cannot be disproven, even. Anything can be twisted to make it seem like the fear is real. And happily, there is basically not a single shred of good evidence to believe any of it.

Even better, as I've posted, there's evidence showing that death is not to be feared, nor is life.

&gt; Enlightenment is the key, Gnosis is the key, look up Gnosticism and understand it’s principles of self enlightenment, to put it simply it’s first hand experience of the divine, and not blindly following beliefs out of a book by a church establishment.

How hypocritical. You only believe this fear-based ideology because a book told you so! And the book claims that if you do X, Y and Z, you'll be free... despite the fact that the authors of the ideology actually have no evidence for their claims whatsoever.

&gt; I was very lucky to experience what I have experienced, I have had a handful of them which have made me able to connect back to our intrinsic nature.

And yet, bizarrely, you still believe this reality to be a soul trap, something based on fear. Something you haven't actually experienced, and don't actually know is the reality.

&gt; To give you more help, the “higher” self, or how I put it, the “true” self, reside in your metaphysical heart center (spirit), it’s intelligence resides in the heart (love).

Our Higher Self is just our Soul. Or better put, the part of our Soul that didn't incarnate. Only a portion of our Soul incarnates into this physical realm, while the rest exists outside of it. Basically, our incarnate self experiences dissociation from the rest of the Soul. Nevertheless, our Soul experiences quite directly everything that happens to its incarnate aspect. Even while the incarnate aspect that we experience as us is entirely ignorant and unaware of our Soul. That is why our Higher Self, our Self, appears to be distinct from us.

&gt; Love, when anyone who was truly awakened, would teach it as the ultimate principle if you truly understood what it was, the word “Love” was the name of / denoted to the guiding intelligence of the true self (god). It is the natural order, the natural expression, the natural manifestation of god. It is gods intrinsic way of being.

&gt; If you are of the natural order of god (you are following / manifesting energy of this guiding intelligence of the true self), that is when you embody the products of it, like compassion, affection, happiness, caring, immense connection to others, peace, euphoria, kindness, etc

&gt; This intelligence is where you can know things intuitively if you are connected with it, all through deep meditation and tuning with the source of our consciousness

Finally, something I can agree with.

If you believe all of that, why do you believe in such a profoundly fear-inducing ideology whose goal seems to be little more than a form of fear-based mind control?

Fear-based mind control that claims that unseen entities have trapped Souls in a world of ignorance, wiping their memories every reincarnation, and keep us trapped in fear, so we can never escape, while they feed on our fear?

Seems awfully convenient...
