"pretty much the title" only works when the title is completely clear on it's own without explanation :)

I'm going to try to respond to your post as best as I can interpret.  Paragraph one is about being right, the truth, belief, acceptance. It's also about an auto-measurement or self-imposed scale of the accuracy or correct-ness of being.

The 2nd is asking about the definitions of these words and how they relate to the previous. I can see the how objective and the subjective clashing here are probably what you mean by torture. This is how I am going to frame your question.  I am only going to try to answer one part of it; what is science?

Science was born from religion.  Where people had questions about the nature of the world, observable phenomenon, the cause of things. There was a need for humans to de-mystify their world. 

Science is fundamentally different from belief systems by that it admits that it is reaching for an explanation which it doesn't know if it's right or not. It proposes an explanation and then tries to measure the confidence it has with it. This is the birth of critical thinking: having an explanation, and then assessing that explanation for confidence. 

&gt; Rain comes from the sky, but only when it's cloudy. More cloud, darker cloud, heavier cloud are related to more rain. 

With a statement of explanation, or a 'hypothesis', we can further investigate *how* confident we are with it. It may be a rare event but sun-showers happen. This goes against the hypothesis certainly, or it may open up this scale of more cloud =&gt; more rain to also include less cloud =&gt; less likely rain, or even rain =&gt; cloud. This type of documented self criticism is supposed to be available to anyone who would like to weigh in on the argument. As a group we can chip away at the issue until we have proposed a model that seems to fit almost precisely to what we are experiencing in the physical world. For the rain example, this is meteorology and how we attempt to predict the weather; an on-going science since it was ever proposed: what brings the rain?

Science has a few simple rules to follow in order to stay focused on finding the truth, or at least the closest thing to it. The [scientific method](https://dosits.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/The_Scientific_Method_2.png). I like to explain these in more childish ways.

1. write it down. If you don't write it down then it's not science. You can't keep a mental journal of events and then use this to explain anything to anyone other than yourself.  Which is Anecdotal Evidence and/or Confirmational Bias. Science recognises that these things are not pushing for the truth, they are trying to preserve belief.  So, simply by writing it all down we can help to avoid it.

Each hypothesis is experimented with *to prove it is wrong*. We build a house of cards as an explanation, boast about it's strength, then we throw stones at our own creation or invite others to throw stones at it to topple it. The house of cards needs to be able to withstand criticism on it's own with no additional help.  How well it stands, or how easy it crumbles, is an indication of how accurate it *might* be. When we test, we are testing for instability, not stability. We're trying to break our own model. We invite others to break it.

Reporting is explaining how it was broken, how easily it was broken, and attempting to explain why that was the case. Although the card-house was strong against wind attacks from multiple directions, it collapsed in on itself easily when a small mass was placed gently on one of the supporting cards.   Using the data from the failure we can circle back and do it all again, but trying to be more accurate, trying to fail less. 

This is counter intuitive to belief systems which start with an explanation and then set about to solidify that explanation to defeat attempts to challenge it. Belief systems protect the core reasoning with abstract arguments.  Science keeps changing the core reasoning until it becomes self-sufficient in countering argument. Great example of this is the sun. People died over this.

Today we may take it for granted that the sun is the centre of our solar system, the Earth being one of many planets circling it, but this wasn't always the case. The church, at the time, in an effort to solidify it's position in modern society and to deny any power in heretic religions such as sun worship refused to acknowledge that the sun could be at the centre. While scientists had modelled the solar system with the Earth as the centre, it simply would not hold up to criticism. Changing the model to suggest the sun at centre simply made many of the flawed arguments about the former model inconsequential. It was the better model to explain the physical world.  Forwarding on to today we know that neither the sun nor Earth are the true centre of the system, the model has been adjusted again. This self-crit, self-asses, gives us the ability to find a more and more accurate truth, more confidence with the explanation, a better model, a model that better predicts what will happen in the world, and a model that helps explain what happens in the world.  100 years from now our modelling of space and solar systems and gravity will be more accurate than it is today.  Or, our current best model explaining things will be shown to be inaccurate. 

like math, science is universal. It works regardless of the language used, the culture, or the technology.  These things can only speed or retard the growth of science. If we were to meet with an alien civilization it would come as no surprise to discover that the vast majority of our science matches up perfectly, because we're not writing elaborate explanations of everything, we're discovering them and writing them down.

Is Science vs Religion a real thing? It appears to be, but it shouldn't be, it makes no sense. Science and Religion only clash when they differ in how each explains phenomena.  Science is looking for a better explanation, while religion refuses to alter it's core interpretation and finds other ways to keep that explanation valid. As much as the media might have us think that this is a brutal and ongoing war, it isn't. It was, once; but that age is well and truly past. Science has no interest in religion, nor any belief system. These things go against the principles of what science is: we don't know (why) and we want to know (why). Science measures the strength of itself with confidence and probability. Religion uses faith. The core of science is that we are in the dark and ignorant of the truth of the universe, we seek to illuminate our position.  The core of any belief system is that there exists a pure beacon to follow and we must overcome obstacles to get closer to it.  When you think about it, these two are almost saying the same thing. Reminder; science was born from religion.  They were once one and the same.

Why should I trust science?  Just like how you might trust OpenSource software over propriety, even if you yourself can't comprehend the elaborate explanation of the inner workings, you can trust others from the community who *do* understand these texts to interpret them to you. This should sound very familiar. The difference is only that the interpretations are consistent. Any false interpretation can be detected by any one from the community. There is no central mystical source of what is and is not correct, it's all right there for you to see for yourself, you may need to spend some time catching up on your education in order to do so, but you're welcome to do that - it's not a barrier put in place to prevent you from challenging the texts, it's a barrier only in your education and ability to comprehend.  You're not an expert, or maybe you are.

Is science OpenSource Religion™ ? :  lol, no. Mostly because it doesn't need to be. We don't need to put a ceremonial robe on science or to worship it's authority. Science is the truth of things as best as can be given the current circumstances.  Truth is the authority. 

But, science gets it wrong sometimes! Yes.  Getting it wrong is the bread and butter of science. This isn't a criticism, like, at all. Remember the fundamental principles. If you want to 'insult' science it would be better to say "science sometimes gets it perfectly right without even trying!"  That's a burn, right there. I would be offended if someone said that to me, and I would follow up with recalling all of the times I had been wrong. Another burn could be: "[We now know everything, it's complete and we can close the book on it](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3707092/)" 

Science can't explain everything!  - yet. Knowledge is now a factor of time, just wait a few minutes and knowledge gets bigger.

Does everyone need to get onboard and believe this new truth regime of science? Science works hard to deliver peer reviewed, documentable explanations and evidence. The findings of science are the product of the arguments, fights, challenges, testing, review, repeating. If you would like to challenge the findings, please do but be appropriate with it, we'll even give you the tools to do so.  When someone takes a finding and simply asserts that it's wrong it throws all of that work back into the faces of thousands and thousands of people who worked hard to already try to shake and disprove the findings. If someone thinks  that they can disprove a finding better, go right ahead and show your working. Science isn't an opinion. When it seems like this is untrue it's because the model is in need of an update.  Good example, for me, is : Are viruses alive?
