You know it will be. 

We’re glitching the simulation by focusing our attention, willpower, and energy towards this. That’s how manifestation works. 

And *that’s* what the power structure is really afraid of. Not losing money or going to jail. It’s them losing their ability to control, to keep the masses from realizing their true potential and power. 

The structure and events of the universe/simulation/matrix/whateverthehellyouwannacallit bend to the power of will possessed by intelligent beings. 

We’ve all experienced moments of synchronicity in our lives, those moments where it seems that the universe aligns perfectly and is conspiring for your benefit, when exactly what you want happens to fall in your lap. 

Most of the time it’s something small…finding money on the ground when your bank account’s in the red, or hearing a song come on the radio that speaks directly to what you’re feeling and experiencing in your life. 

Sometimes it’s something big…like meeting the love of your life randomly at a concert and immediately knowing that this is the person you’re going to spend the rest of your life with, seeing your path through this life together in an instant. 

That’s “reality” bending to an individual’s energy…and with meditation it becomes something we can control and exercise at will because it’s all about intention and *knowing* a thing to *be*.

Now, when groups of people are focusing their will amazing events can happen, that’s the basis for the “power of prayer”. Combined will of a group of individuals focusing their energy on a common goal or purpose.

That’s the secret knowledge of those who wield the power now, certain groups that work to keep the masses distracted, divided and ignorant of their true potential. 

The reason that there are so many synchronicities around GameStop and everything that is happening is that hundreds of thousands, millions of people all around the world are *focusing* on it, pouring themselves into it, all of their hopes and dreams, their fears, uncertainties and doubts, their attention and intention. 

MOASS *will* occur precisely when enough of us *know* it will occur. A MOASS is never late…



So, yes. Once Upon A Time In Shaolin will be about the events we are living, I guarantee it.
