That video is pretty wild, a lot of extreme fear-mongering going on there. Its all very convenient, everything comes together to make us victims in everything. Science fiction writers understand science and predicted moving away from meat (which is completely logical and founded in science) and that's one of the foundational conspiracy bricks that he lays to show that they are coming for us or controlling us? Wow. Talk about surface level.  


I studied this kind of stuff in college (Digital Technology &amp; Culture) and this is certainly not the technology that I'm afraid of. We already have a lot of those technologies and most people are entirely unaware and uninterested. They have already established a surveillance "prison" but the majority of people don't even use an ad-blocker or VPN while complaining that Facebook "watches their every move." He says this tech will trap us in a prison like in Ready Player One but we aren't even approaching that level of technology. This is just a stupid tech for social media interaction and, on top of that, it's ironically introduced by the most distrusted social media entity around.  


You'd think if they had a big plan to do this, as is posited by the video, they'd have been preserving Facebook's reputation for the last five to ten years, not dragging it through the dirt at every possible opportunity. Is part of the conspiracy that the media has been working to prevent this by sewing distrust in Facebook and Zuckerberg?  


Seems to me that we've all been walking around with a well established Big Brother® machine in our pockets for 15 years now and suddenly we're freaking out about a Big Brother® branded product announcement. We set passwords on our phones and our phone manufacturers provide the government with tools to bypass those passwords. This is not the shocking beginning of a new age, its just another step in us being products. And with all other social media app or product, many of us will gladly take part **while** complaining about it. That's the only "prison" that I can see and its a personal one. We want to use these things so we do and we use them too much. No one is controlling us, we're just terribly distracted by our social existence.
