Everyone else in here is saying that he’s an abuser and he’s trying to isolate you. This may in fact be 100% correct. Based on the prompt, I don’t have enough context to say 100% that he’s an abuser or a serial killer or whatever. 

He may be and that’s nothing to play around with and maybe I am an optimist (which Reddit has done a lot to crush) but it’s possible he really is just that bad. 

Maybe he’s on the spectrum and just does not get things about social interaction.  Only you can determine if you think this is appropriate and for you but if you determine that you are comfortable with it and aren’t at risk, maybe try to talk to him?  

Something along the lines of “hey so and so, you and my sister have been dating for awhile and she seems to really love you and she’s happy and that makes me very happy because I love her, but I also get the vibe sometimes that you don’t really like me. I just want my sister to be happy so, why don’t you like me? Have I ever done anything to offend you?  She is my sister and we will both be in her life for a very long time so I just want to make sure that we get along… for her”

Now I also want to be clear that this may not be true but it’s phrased in the most non confrontational way possible, reaffirming a love that may or may not exist and his emotional effect on her will hopefully disarm him.  If he is jealous of your relationship it will hopefully phrase it as not a competition but a collaboration. If he does actually care for her then it will reinforce that. 

The way he responds to this will tell you a ton. If he is just a clueless idiot who’s really really bad socially he may be surprised and unaware of his behavior, and it will make him aware of it and you can talk it out. If he completely brushes it off and/or tries to gaslight you, that’s a huge red flag.  If he does have an issue maybe he will open up about it and tell you how he feels. And of course if he reacts with any more rudeness or anger then that is just as equally a red flag. 

Only you can determine if this approach is appropriate but I usually try to give people the benefit of the doubt without knowing more about who they are or what they’re going through. Maybe he’s struggled his whole life with interpersonal communication, maybe he’s never had anyone question him and this is a teachable moment and the relationship can grow in a healthier direction. Or maybe he is an asshole and a classic abuser. Take this all with a grain of salt from a random Reddit comment, but before we scorched earth, there might be less dramatic paths to take to ease or clarify things. 

I usually look to my cousin and his wife as a point in favor of this. She cheated on him while they were dating. They had been together for years.  It was in college and she would go to parties and get drunk and had on several occasions cheated on him. 

He found out but was like MADLY in love and everyone under the sun told him to break up with her, dump her cheating ass, that it would happen again, etc. etc.  

Well he didn’t. She completely stopped drinking and has been sober for like 10 years. They have 3 beautiful kids together, they by all accounts are happy and super in love and have a wonderful life together.  

I have no idea what his life would be like now if she wasn’t in it but I can’t imagine it being any better. Of course as a family member we regarded her skeptically for YEARS but I’m close enough with them that I can honestly say she’s either the best liar in the world or that was the catalyst she needed to make positive changes in herself. If that trauma was the cost of having the rest of their lives be happy and full of love with 3 beautiful kids… it was probably worth it.
