I am flattered that you would compare my writing to tabloids when self-media are considered to be on an even lower rung of the ladder, though I was admittedly surprised that your comment was visible in the first place when Reddit itself typically has spam filters in place to remove such low-quality links. However if you are that unaware of their trashiness to the point that you have to put my statements in quotes, then you are truly out of the loop on 国情 or even the treatment of 国动 and have no idea why the Chinese government is even cracking down on their KPI-focussed peddling of disinformation, at which point further discussion is mostly rendered moot.

This extends to the rest of your post, where my comfort with omitting some nuance under the assumption that you would know upon doing the barest of digging around is astonishingly challenged because you demand hard evidence for what should be common knowledge and won't take collective memory as answers. I've received feedback from people who were more-or-less total strangers to certain subjects before, but expected more from someone presenting themselves as knowing about the show but somehow turned out to be ultimately unaware and rejecting of the discourse surrounding it, along with the unallergic reaction to the FMA post or unironic blaming of myself for AHA locking down their accounts and therefore primary sources so severely [after backlash](/r/Donghua/comments/hrnx4e/). They've made [comparisons to Kenshin](https://weibo.com/5531567877/Gd9QQpLdY) for years now and "Killer Seven" itself has parallels to "Rurouni Kenshin" in Chinese, but the reversals came at a time that happened to coincide with the season that is actually supposed to get to the point about what led to season 1, even when He has repeatedly claimed that he already got the entire story planned out (hoping this is well-known enough to not require verification).

And it's frustrating to have to go meticulously over things like the Zhongyuan and internal politics (Alibaba!!) as if you are ignorant about the CCP's claims about its unity, the campaign of self-sabotage that has persisted for most of the CCP's existence, and how it will supposedly never budge on its red lines (notice that there's no dashed lines either), which turned out to be surprisingly flexible... almost like it's making fun of what the government says it's like compared to what it actually is like... and how cultural relativism isn't considered a thing and sinicization is demanded... or that it's ***mostly Jiang that exists in your imagination*** considering the deletion of her plot. Notice also the geographical impossibility of Duomao being so tiny above Xuanwu, but the slur certainly suggests it is Russia. Also lol at socialism with Chinese characteristics, agree that Xuanwu should have been depicted as socialist because the China irl is so hypercapitalist, though you've likely fallen for other lies and revisionism, haven't read the news about India and whatnot, and just didn't bother to process the lampshading of China's imperialism as it tries to remind people that's it's a century behind in its imitation. But if you're drinking the kool-aid, at least drink it completely - it's very much not in character of you to consider things out of Japan to be so disgraceful when it's unspoken policy to be hardest on other "勾罕见" knowing that they can't do much to non-Chinese, so if you want to come across like a true believer, of course you'd have to pretend to be enraged over 567 much more than DB. However I would personally suggest viewing the CCP as the real traitors with their enabling of the 'War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression' through sabotage of KMT forces and lack of participation, since caring more for infighting is in character after all. But if not, consider this sad piece of history sourced similarly to your own: unlike the Rape of Nanking at Japanese hands which still had survivors, Larin recalled that Russia had completely wiped out all the Chinese inhabitants of Haishenwai at around the same time, and they continue to shamelessly flaunt their possession of Vladivostok to this day. If your desire for consistency is so great that the CCP keeping mum about such a horrific event informs your understanding that no genocide occurred that year, then I have nothing to say about your stance that there was no genocide in Xinjiang either, since your heart is evidently with the party and not the people getting erased and forgotten.

To circle back, I am not even sure why you are so sensitive to the extent that an aside to respond to your original aside is suddenly a sign of being triggered. I've offered a number of actual examples of homaging, yet you are still trying to derail the original post with irrelevance because you simply cannot seem to make the distinction between homages and ripoffs, I'll now raise a better example of Naruto or Boruto when all that's in DB is its excessive use of banks, but "Japan copying Hollywood" again veers quite far from "Chinese creators ripping off and oppressing each other" as I have said. So on that note, you also managed to be unaware of Bilibili's penchant for deleting content that makes bad press and have accidentally committed victim blaming - not only was Pddg_'s posts deleted in a day, even comments from watchers mentioning him under other videos were deleted by moderators. You also seem to be unaware of who [Li Xiejun](https://weibo.com/2260872235/KDTQpwkEu) is and what he had to do with storyboards, since you are actually doubting the authenticity of this vx interface (which has never been debunked, unlike, say, Kris Wu's faked chats) when he is already known as someone in industry. Thankfully, I did mention keeping receipts for that one time, and [further screenshots](https://imgur.com/a/6RP0H2v) taken before the deletion certainly do indicate suspicious levels of similarities with Pddg_'s work that LX would want to pressure into being blasted into oblivion. Naturally, you could further argue that Scissor Seven fanartists were not *really* being silenced based on the technicality of AHA walking back their threats, or Ren Yuan [deleting his posts](https://weibo.com/5680439273/Kz0dH6t3J) must mean he *really* did it of his *own* volition, but that either suggests true stubbornness at reading between the lines or such a lack of shared understanding that I could be 耳旁风 for all the typing.

Well there's that, other than the weird tangents, glad that we are on the same page about how unacceptable Scissor Seven is with its treatment of other creators and works all this time, and keeping my fingers crossed that He can break out of the corner he forced himself into so that the fourth season doesn't actually end up axed with how the issues have snowballed with his risky commentary (...and i haven't even gotten to the pedophilia yet!).
