Not once did I say restrictions are unnecessary. We need FAR more than we've got. There's tens to hundreds of thousands of people that should not have them in this county. But my opinion won't go over because HIPPA laws restrict you from viewing people's meds, and you run into discrimination waters with anyone that has ever been involuntarily admitted to anything mental health related. I also feel anyone in the household of anyone matching one of these descriptions not be allowed to own one either. 

But this UK dipshit claiming wanting to own a gun is "weird", and the only argument is the paranoia of "masked men" breaking in is fucking idiotic and ignorant. That was one of the dumber convos I've ever been in with someone about this. Assuming he was trolling, or it's a tough life being that incapable of attempting to understand the opinion of millions of people. Either that or it was a teenage kid. The lack of insight matches that closer.

Regardless, familiarity does not need indifference here. It comes down to the parents being idiots. Millions and millions of Americans teach their kids correct firearm handling. MILLIONS. These kids grow up to be responsible gun owners. Our not, their choice. I couldn't care less of my kids want to own one eventually. But they'll learn the proper respect in case they do.

There are twice as many guns as women in the US, but we find it proper to teach the birds the right way to use their ducks, *just in case*. This should be right along sex ed. Not to teach kids to want to buy guns, but to teach them how fucking dangerous they can be when used improperly. Why they aren't toys. Not fear mongering media shit; real talk. 

That and more restriction that I listed above will solve this problem, I absolutely guarantee it.

But to your analogy. 
&gt;I don't try to claim excellent driving skills as a reason why there shouldn't be a speed limit, so I don't understand the argument of "I'm safe with *my* guns, so gun restrictions are not necessary."

A decent chunk of people in the US do really fucking stupid things with these death machines they're allowed to drive, but I don't claim some idiots being the reason we should ban all cars.
