Bumped into a girl at my social circles favorite area in town to hang a few months ago. We locked eyes for a couple of seconds as I was getting in my car, but I didn’t want to be a weirdo and chase her down the road. A couple weeks later we recognize each other on tinder and match. We started chatting, I was asymptomatic and unaware of my status at the time. We went on a couple of dates and I clicked with her unlike anyone I’ve met before.

A couple weeks into that my ex comes back around and guilts me into giving us another try, I go for it like an idiot and spend the next month wondering if I’ve finally dug myself into a hole deep enough I’m just going to end up alone forever because I can’t recognize the good ones when I have them. I go along with planning a vacation with the ex anyways.

A day before we are set to leave on vacation I get my first outbreak after being sexually inactive for two years, I took some time to work on myself and man was it worth it. I’m blindsided and afraid, but go on the vacation anyways, being completely open with the girl I was with about what was happening. She really didn’t care, she just wanted me, which would be nice if that was going anywhere besides having mutual security blanket.

Get back from vacation, knowing full well at this point things will never work with my ex because I wasn’t feeling it; but afraid to venture back out now that I know I have HSV2. That’s a big mistake I see others make as well, don’t stay with someone simply because of your HSV status.

I start hanging out with the girl I clicked with, just as a friend. She asks why I disappeared for a month and seem so down. I just straight up tell her, idk what it is about her but I want to tell her everything. She tells me she’s sorry that it happened, but that I shouldn’t let it hold me back or change how I see myself. I heeded that, because it shouldn’t.

We keep hanging out, we get closer, I tell my ex to let go of any hope of us working. I went over every risk involved with us being sexually active as we get inevitably closer to that point and the girl I truly mesh with told me in no uncertain terms she doesn’t care about the risk and sees me, not the hsv. We are now dating, things are great. I haven’t been this happy in years, I’m coming to realize. I take precautions like crazy but she doesn’t seem to worry despite knowing the risk.

All this convoluted story to say that HSV doesn’t change too much about dating at the end of the day and you are perfectly able to find a good match if you are looking.

Do keep in mind like minds attract so if you hold stigma about HSV or make it out to be a big deal whoever you attract will more than likely think the same.
