Desis get bashed for the racism / classism / sexism that is exhibited by the more traditional or extremist groups -- obviously the average ABCD dude is no more or less "ist" than any other group of people, but given that we are an ethnicity with billions of people, both in India and across the world in a huge diaspora, there's always going to be examples to pull from. Additionally, desis do it to themselves all the fucking time, which gives other groups of people permission to do the same. 

When you denigrate and deprecate yourself, you give others permission to do the same. When you joke at your expense or forward your own stereotypes, you encourage others to think similarly. Indians rip each other all day for being sexist, for being racist, for being mama's boys, for being white worshippers, for being bootlickers and race traitors, for being nerds, for being fobs, for being coconuts, for everything. This teaches other people that it's OK to traffic in these stereotypes, jokes, memes, and generalizations. 

Nav is the most bland, boring rapper I've ever heard in my life, but he had a good apology and rationale for his N word usage - which is mainly that he was ignorant and unaware of how offensive the term was, because growing up in his neighborhood, everyone called everyone it. But after realizing his music started to reach audiences beyond his local area, and realizing how offensive the term was, he stopped using it and apologized. That is pretty damn reasonable, and anyone who wants to be mad, I mean, that's their own headache at that point. 

All groups of people have racists. As a generality, sure, the desi community has historical, cultural / religious, and societal problems with all kinds of "isms" - classism, racism, colorism, sexism, homophobia. You name it, in a developing nation and diaspora of BILLIONS of people, you're going to have ALL the issues. 

But the reason it is okay for other races to "punch down" on desis and stereotype us as all kinds of rapists and creepers and racists and chauvinists is because THEY SEE US DOING IT. Until desis get that through their fat fucking skulls, shit will never get better. 

This does not mean you should not call out sexism or racism when you see it. But when you do, remember the reason that this individual is being sexist or racist... is because they are a fucking asshole. That's it -- it's not because they are indian, it's because they are a piece of shit. A lot of you have family members who are pieces of shit, and you need to remind yourself, look, your dad isn't abusive or manipulative or sexist because he's indian. He's abusive and manipulative and sexist because he's... you guessed it, a piece of shit. 

Some of you are just mad at the world and hate the dice-roll that made you, and you're miserable in your own skin, so you spam shit that revolves around degrading brown folk. You may disguise it under the cover of social justice or calling out issues, but we see what you're doing - you're just trying to feel better by shitting on brown people. But the problem is, these other people looking on, they don't get that you're an individual person with issues. They see you as a brown person and assume your characterization of brown people is accurate, and they buy into that world view, and they participate in it, because you made them think it's OK to see brown people as this generalized, stereotyped monolith. 

In short, we get bashed more because people see us bashing ourselves and think it's acceptable to do the same.
