One time, my girlfriend called me and told me that her friend had attempted to rape her, but she fought him off. She also said she already contacted the police. 

But in reality, this event never occurred. Even though I was on watch duty, I asked for emergency leave to drive nearly 20-30 miles to pick her up immediately. She seemed fine, no external reaction. Police, she said they had already left. Said she waited hours to call me after the fact, but, she seemed under duress when she called me. 

At the time, I didn't realize that she was lying to me. I didn't want an official record indicating I wasn't at duty, even though I left with appropriate notice. So, I never followed up with the police. 

We dated for several months longer after that. She lied to me a lot during that time.


The final nail in the coffin was after we broke up, she was hanging out casually with her alleged rapist. 

The story -stinks- I think she lied. I think she had unprotected sex with someone, wherever she actually went. If I were you, I would follow up on everything. Say what you want of a seedy nightclub, but they pay their taxes like anyone else, and a rape, even alleged, especially one allegedly committed by staff would be a serious offense for them. 

If you ask for more information, the worse than can do is tell you to fuck Off. 
But, if they actually aren't as seedy as alleged, they likely have security cameras everywhere, security camera which would show your girlfriend being abducted. 

Also, WTH happened to the other boyfriend? He just, disappears with the car, no explanation given, and even the following day he is still missing? And no one is concerned? Hella suspicious. 

You're totally innocent and ignorant of what's going on. You've already reported the rape to the police, no reason to not interfere as much as you like at this point. 

This shit stinks of a coverup. She probably cheated on you, and If she ends up pregnant and needing an abortion (because I bet she said nothing about getting plan b or being on BC) 
She is gonna rely on you to pay it. 

I don't trust the story. Not for a second, especially because of how secretive your adult girlfriend is being.
