&gt;If you're gonna swagger about town, carrying a deadly weapon, you better be clear about the legal limits for both carrying and using it where you are. 

Your characterization of him does not match the reality on video or the testimony of the prosecutor's witnesses as of yesterday.  Kyle went there to help his friends, and everyone brough guns to defend themselves because they are not stupid and saw for several nights what was going on in Kenosha.  Nobody disputes that a gun for self defense in a riot is a bad idea.  Nobody is questioning the several dozen other people who participated in the same actions as Kyle while armed, because only Rosenbaum, Grosskreutz, and the skateboard guy were stupid enough to physically batter a clearly armed young man who knew how to defend himself.  

All the victim blaming in the world won't change the fact that Rittenhouse went there to help his town (hes a U.S. citizen, with manyt ties to Kenosha, so enough about the "not his state/city" stuff), and that Rosenbaum attacked him for doing so.  They created the situation knowing full well they were attacking an armed man, and they paid for it.

&gt;I have no doubt that he wanted to help, but good intentions don't erase the fact that he broke the law. He did not have a legal right to carry that weapon for self-protection (too young, not his state, not his property, not his gun), nor did he have the legal right to use it to intimidate/deter others, even those with illegal motives (none of those people did). 

In his opening arguments, the prosecutor clearly said he has no issue with Kyle and others wanting to defend their town.  Note that he is not charging anyone of the dozens of AR-15 armed people that were there.  Nick Black is only being charged with giving Kyle the illegal weapon.  I do not dispute that Kyle should spend time in prison for illegaly carrying a weapon, if the hunting license thing does not apply (I don't know that part of the law, the Judge is mulling it over).

&gt;He must've seen the nature of the crowd, but was too young and inexperienced to process that to the irrational or oppositional personalities who are often attracted to this kind of environment, open carry of weapon is a trigger. It's not his fault that he looks like a kid cosplaying on Halloween, but it's his complete lack of self-awareness, basic safety measures in mob conditions, combined with his decision to break the law that resulted in this situation. The fact that he was calling attention to himself, walking down the street, alone, speaks to the fact that he did not see himself as vulnerable. 

This is a weird spin on the reality.  Kyle Rittenhouse acted more maturely than many trained veteran police officers.  He rendered aid, he put out fires, bravely ran towards danger, and had the calmness of mind to not hurt anyone outside of self defense.  His trigger and barrell control were extremely impressive, despite being concussed by multiple hits to the head.  He stared down the barrel of a gun and could have fired but held because his attacked momentarily disengaged.  Most police would have shot Grosskreutz several seconds before Rittenhouse did.    What really happened was that Rosenbaum and the rest of the mob was immature and unaware of the consequences of their actions.  Life is not a video game where you can just attack an armed man and restart if you fail.  Unfortunately some of them will never learn that lesson.

&gt;but it's his complete lack of self-awareness, basic safety measures in mob conditions, combined with his decision to break the law that resulted in this situation.

Incorrect.  He was merely in the wrong place and wrong time.  Rosenbaum attacking him caused the situation.  Their lack of judgement in attacking an armed man for no reason lead to their deaths.
