You say you had his best interest at heart. While the party was a poor choice that wasn’t thought out or considerate, the intention was good. Right? 

You claim you did all of it for him and his happiness, and even though you come off as self-absorbed and sanctimonious, that would’ve been at least somewhat believable. You could be a caring, sweet girlfriend who just happens to be pretty self-involved, tactless, and ignorant. People like that exist- I know one of them! But that facade lost all of what little credibility it had when you complained that your boyfriend’s reaction “ruined the mood” of the party. 

You’re not just selfishly upset that he didn’t react to your effort in a happy manner, you’re upset that your (your, not his) party was interrupted and the guests might’ve seen you as a bad host since things got awkward and the vibe suffered. You didn’t throw the party w/ his true feelings in mind, you threw it thinking of how wholesome his reaction would be and how it would make the guests coo over what a great girlfriend you are. You wanted to “go all out and create amazing memories,” but you cared more about the memories of you and your guests than your boyfriend. 

It’s evident from the way your guests reacted, which is a dead giveaway that most of them weren’t your boyfriend’s loved ones. I’m sure you invited your friends and family who are part of the big party tradition. Had most of the guests been his loved ones, they probably wouldn’t have continued to party like nothing happened. They likely would’ve checked on him and apologized. If they were invited, at least a few of them would’ve advised against throwing the surprise party- the buddy your boyfriend is now staying w/ certainly would’ve. I hesitate to say maybe the party wouldn’t have happened had you invited his loved ones, as you probably would’ve ignored their concerns and gone through w/ it anyway. 

Honestly I hope this is a real story, even if it means someone out there is unaware and egotistical that they minimized their partner’s painful feelings and then blamed him for making them look bad w/ his involuntary physical trauma response, b/c I’ve spent a long time typing now. It would suck to waste so much time on a troll.

YTA
