I find this to be a very unhelpful sentiment, and at the risk of being overly blunt, both self-righteous and ignorant of the culture that accompanies the Hindi language:

1. I HAVE been *actually* studying Hindi. Lessons every day, and practice with my husband and extended family. You don't get to gatekeep what constitutes "actual study". If daily lessons with the mentorship of native speakers isn't "actual" learning, then WTF is? 

2. I'm not "grinding pointlessly". I do what I have time for, which is why it's taken me this long. I'm not going to feel bad about myself for studying everyday because I didn't study *enough* everyday to meet the standards of random people on the internet. 

3. Duolingo *has* gotten me somewhere — I'm beginning to be able to pick up conversations among my family members, which is my goal. The purpose of the Duo Hindi course is to teach people to read the devanagari script and understand the grammatical structure. Once I've got that down, building my vocabulary through flash cards will be quick business. Pronunciation will take more work... I'll probably need a coach to get my tongue around those bananas (for an English speaker) sounds. However, what I've learned through Duo has given me the confidence to begin learning through other sources.

4a. Useful phrases in Hindi — from a non-Indian viewpoint — are less useful in Hindi, because in India they often just use the English words / phrases and saying them in Hindi would sound weird. Hindi is the official language of India, but it's not spoken by everyone in India (mostly people in North-Central India are Hindi speakers, I believe). When the British left, the Indian government removed English from communications entirely. However, they found that English had become the universal albeit unofficial second language of many people in India. That meant that no matter what your first language was, you could get by with English. In Mumbai (where Hindi is *not* the local language), my husband and his friend group all had different first languages. They communicated in English, because it was what they all understood.

4b. This brings us to "Hinglish", which is common in many places in India, and probably what my husband speaks these days if we're honest about it. Even my mother in law who "doesn't speak English" can get by on Hinglish. When I go to India, the areas where I visit will most likely understand Hinglish, and I'll be able to communicate decently (if I can get my pronunciations right). 

Most importantly, we all have our own personal reasons for learning a language. Some people might want to be linguists, or achieve perfect fluency in multiple languages, or teach in a foreign language at a university. Good on anyone who has these goals.

*My* goal is to show my parents in law that I value them and will strive to embrace certain aspects of their culture and pass them on (my husband can't be trusted with this — he's "whiter" than I am). My goal is to study with consistency and no excuses. My goal is to be part of a bilingual family where my children don't have to switch into pure English the moment I enter the room, and don't feel "different" from me, even though we won't look the same. 

IMHO, while slow, I'm working toward these goals at a pace that will get me where I need to be at the right time. 

Good on you for speaking five languages, but perhaps you'd benefit from exploring outside of Europe, my friend. You might learn more than just another language.
