I'm urious as to what you count as "power". For example, it's women who are the most involved and responsible for the education of children, be it in hope or at school. Does shaping the minds of every human being count as power? How are we to compare the shaping of the minds of entire generations of humans to authority in some bureaucracy? Both can be pretty impactful in various ways. Who's to say which one matters most? 

Since all the levels of power matter, are the bureaucracies more populated by women or by men?

What about social and health care? Isn't that a form of power?

How do we disentangle the power of a man and that of his wife? Is there no influence in any way? Has no man ever renounced anything because he knew his wife wouldn't like it?

How about the influence of  women on single men? Has no single man ever used his power to serve women in order to seek to be seen favorably by women? 

Your willingness to dismiss the influence and power of women is disturbing. Women are not infants, unable to decide anything meaningful. They are not flowers pots, unimpactful and ignorant of the world around them, and unable to make their desires and needs heard and taken into considerations.

Feminism didn't invent men caring about women in the 70s, nor did it invent women influencing society.

I'm really curious to know how you determine that men have more power, precisely, to know how you account for things a little more subtle than "x nbr of men are in this position".

It's feminists who are so fond of the "social constructivist" view of things, many going to the point if denying the influence of biology. Wouldn't that make education the place that holds the most power? The biggest ability to shape society being in the hands of the people who shape people? How do you account for that kind of power in your claim that men hold the most power? If you don't count it, why? How can you reconcile it with the idea that anything is a social construct, and that therefore, the influences you receive when you construct yourself as a person are what makes you who you are?

I mean, yeah, I get it, it's much harder to quantify. But who said society was easy to model and understand? Who said it was easy to make claims such as "men have more power"?
