https://www.reddit.com/r/travisscott/comments/qnwig4/dont_take_this_shit_down/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

My point is that there's several videos of him having to pause the event multiple times to help people get help, people standing on top of the ambulances right in front of him and he does nothing. He encouraged people to sneak in with promo videos of people crashing other concerts and tweeting about it. He's literally been warned about this before and had been arrested in relation to it. I highly suggest you check out his subreddit. 

Yeah he may not have realized people were dying, but it is very clear something was wrong. There's plenty if other concerts where artists spot and hear things happening and stop the show to call it out. He is no different. Obviously it isn't specifically him though, it's his whole team, everyone who planned the event. They didn't have adequate barriers to keep people back. They didn't have proper security or medical staff. Nobody did anything to stop people from impeding ambulances. People liter blue in the face and dead on the floor while others continued dancing. Pictures of human bodies stampeded and piled up on each other, looking dead or passed out. 

It seems to me he didn't care about people looking like they were in distress and the numerous medical incidents happening. Since many performers have shown they can spot this stuff and stop the show, I don't know why he wouldn't have been able to tell people to leave the ambulance alone it to just wait until the ambulance was gone before starting another song. He literally said he wants to feel the floor shake and started another song while an ambulance wad trying to make it's way through the crowd. An ambulance he paused the show to point out. There's also videos of people clearly waving their arms in distress, not in a normal way. Like look at the videos it's undeniable. He paused the concert at some point to point out a dude in a tree and you can hear people screaming that they're drowning and in pain. Yeah I'm not sure if he could hear what people are screaming...but how did nobody managing the camera feed do anything? You can clearly hear their voices saying explicitly they're in pain and need help. 

Crowd crush is a normal issue to plan for. Idk how they were like, unaware and so unprepared? Multiple accounts if people saying they were brushed off when asking for help. Anyway, Travis is a professional, this is his brand, his show, he should have stopped at obvious moments like people dancing on the ambulances and to let the EMTs do their job at the very least. He also probably should have learned from previous warnings here been given and common sense should have let him know that encouraging the fans to stampede the place would only lead to problems. People brushing off those asking for help, the lack of security, the lack of proper medical staff, the promo videos of crashing past events, etc, is on his team and the event planners. Which he's still involved with, but not as much.

In the end I do think he's personally partially at fault here. I feel bad for him though, I don't think it was malicious, I think he was being dumb and now people are dead. Hopefully he learns from this and can make changes to how he runs things he can control, like bring able to stop the show and tell off the crowd for dancing on ambulances and demanding security that will be able to control the crowd better and do what he needs when he asks then to. At one point he had to call for security to crowd surf a dead girl (bit obviously dead though to be fair) and he's calling for them several times. They should have been there right away and the crowd surfing aspect of it should not have been necessary. There's a certain level if professionalism he can demand to have that wouldn't include nonsense like that happening.
