It helps to understand the author and the work that Atsuhi is representing.

The Tiger Poet from The Moon Over the Mountain. It's a story about a man who goes mad, runs into the mountains and turns into a tiger because of his "cowardly pride" and his "arrogant shame" after he chose to be a politician instead of a poet having failed at writing good poetry even though it's what he wanted to do.

Atsuhi is a representation of a man struggling to find and understand his place in society ultimately giving up and running away because what he's good at isn't what he wants to be. 

[Bungou Stray Dogs Spoilers] &gt;!Atsuhi's arcs are about self acceptance, societal acceptance, and Atsuhi coming to terms with the fact that his transformation, his power, his will to fight is based on a healthy amount of tension between him and society. It's *not* just about letting go of that insecurity, as long as there is injustice in the world you have to be capable of rejecting it and embracing your inner tiger. The paradox is that the mountain tiger is fundamentally fearful, even though it's dangerous and Atsuhi has to resolve his acceptance of both of those tensions. Both his fear and his rage are non-consensual at the beginning of the series (he isn't aware that he's the tiger, the tiger is a transformation, it "isn't really him"). His trauma isn't a reasonable-fear so it isn't under his control and he's really a very kind person who doesn't want to hurt anyone. In the beginning, he only functions because the boss at the agency suppresses his ability. The most important thing he learns first that lets him control his power a little bit is that other people in society feel what he feels, maybe not his specific trauma, but they're going through their own insecurities and troubles, he doesn't have to be alone. As Atsuhi starts to find his family, and feel societal belonging, he begins to understand that he needs to maintain those inner tensions, feed his tiger, not let it overwhelm him or let himself quash it - now it's about being useful to others and extending to them the opportunity that was given to him in his own way with the power that he has. He's got a couple of arcs, but really it isn't just him repeating the same journey. Each time he gets closer to this understanding which is a long way from where he began, completely unaware and afraid of others, but also himself.!&lt;

It makes a whole lot of sense to me why he gets so much focus, for the main character of a series called Literary Orphans.
