I was 26 when someone intervened on my plan to kill myself. I didn't tell anyone. They just guessed and called the police who showed up as I was just about to get in my car for the last time. Cops were actually human. Took me to the hospital. And I was on suicide watch and committed for 28 days. It wasn't the meds, it wasn't the sessions of therapy that helped me. It was the time away from everything. 

I had spent years in a custody battle with a woman I once loved dearly who did nothing but abuse me and the system. Every time I was close to finally having time with him she'd make some bullshit accusation and back to nothing but supervised visits and my work situation was next to impossible to keep up with all the moving around of times and days because it involved travel. I couldn't sleep. My heart was constantly broken. I hated myself. I was smoking like 2 packs a day and started drinking. Depression begat depression. Stack this on childhood abuse and bullying etc and I was ill equipped. 

The time away. The time gave clarity. It allowed the smoke to clear. It allowed me to realize that I still had it in me to want to see good in the world even when I was convinced that I didn't. I didn't believe in joy or love - not for me. But it was there. I didn't need people to love me or to do good by me. I could do good. And that would be something. That would mean something to me. 

I'm not gonna tell you my whole life story but that was 15 years ago. I've helped start 2 charities. I sat on boards for npos that promote the arts and another with clean ocean objectives. I've married. I've started a business that not only has success but is known for doing good in the community. 

I knew my plan that night. I wasn't scared. I didn't want attention. I was just going to do it. 

I should be bones and dust today. But I'm still here. I fought back against that Grey mist of depression. It's wormtounge. Give in to something better than giving up. You may think no one cares but that's already untrue and ignorant of you to claim if you read this thread. The whole time I've been typing this on my phone I've let my dinner go cold. I care more that you hear me - a complete stranger - than enjoying my meal. 

You have no idea what tomorrow brings, what you could mean to someone or many someones. You've had it bad for so long, but just look at it as pre payment for what's ahead. Two weeks, two months, two years .... who knows when. But your struggle will pay off. You will find your reason and joy. Don't let everything you've endured be for nothing.
