&gt;*How is your mutual aid society different from that of voluntary aid here?*

So from the way you've phrased your comment, and please correct me if I'm wrong, I'm taking "voluntary aid" to mean charity. MA and charity may seem similar, but MA is more of a system of organisation that an optional altruistic action. So charity is popping a couple quid into a cup for the homeless or donating an old jumper *(can you tell that I'm British lol)*, whereas MA is working with those around you to meet needs together. I should stress that, obviously, MA is only really an option with the consent of those involved. Be a bit anti-thetical if it was forced on you like.

So for example, I'm planning on starting a food garden in the new year. Getting the know-how to do so now basically. The intent is to try and get my neighbours involved and essentially form a communal food garden, so we all work together to have a free source of fruit and veg to meet our base need there. The equivalent for charity is donating to a food bank. Does that make sense?

&gt;*What prevents mutual aid from existing here trough voluntary action?*

Literally nothing, which is pretty cool of it. The issue is that it's more rooted in Leftism than what you guys typically favour, especially since a big part of it is collective ownership. You seem more informed than the usual dickhead on here, so I'm assuming you haven't just shit yourself at the dropping of the term "collective ownership" and started screaming about Stalin. In my experience, the majority of people here will have such a reaction to anything Socialist-esque and will proceed to use a toddler's definition of Socialism and act smart. Kinda makes advocating for it a bit difficult with all that going on.

Also the one AnCap I spoke to who was open to the idea was adamant that the produce should be commodified. The fact that this kinda defeats the purpose of growing food yourself *(or with others of course)* didn't quite connect with them.

&gt;*Do you think there are no altruists here?*

Of course not, that would be woefully lazy and ignorant of me. I just think, and I'm basing this on my experiences here, that helping people meet their base needs isn't a priority; property is. The protection of Private Property seems to take precedent to harm reduction for a lot of AnCaps I've spoken to, which is why I mentioned pants-shitting and screaming of "Stalin" earlier. There's obviously been a few people who proudly exclaim that they don't give a shit about others, in a *"got mine"* sense, and it's weird how often they get defended, but it'd be dishonest of me to try and paint the sub like that was the norm.

But yeah, the priority seems to be maintaining Capitalism and the commodity form over meeting people's needs indiscriminately.
