Actually storm lost it to an accident where she wasn’t even the intended target lol

Korra isnt avatar. Its korra. Atla had far superior writing lol

And korra losing to someone in her natural element as an avatar is insulting to the avatar as a concept. Amon never should’ve been able to take an avatar’s bending. Period. Lok was nothing but plot contrivances meant to deconstruct atla and reinvent the world. Hell the original creators had to leave a list of rules and restrictions because even kataang would have been undone if the shithead behind lok had their way. 

It’s laughable you call out comics for bad writing but cant even recognize the huge drop in quality from atla to lok. 

It doesn’t matter what logic you use. Death battles take the characters at their absolute peaks, and use that as a model. Korra at her peak has absolutely no feats that can touch storm at her peak. 

Feats are the only thing that matters when comparing characters for death battles. And korra simpy doesnt have the raw power storm does. She cant control elements on a planetary scale despite having a much smaller planet than earth is. Atla is essentially a dwarf planet, barely larger than a moon. Storm has full control over earth and mars, and doesn’t even need to be on the planet she is manipulating. How is korra gonna fight storm when she’s in SPACE raining lightning and tornadoes on her? 

I love the atla universe but they need to stick with battles in their own scope. Storm has participated in battles deciding fates of galaxies and even entire MULTIVERSES. When was the last time an avatar had to fight, much less defeat, a UNIVERSAL threat? The absolute closest they ever got was a planetary threat from vaatu in the form of a dark avatar. Which we already know holds no candle to an omega mutant because korra defeats it. 

I get this is a sub for atla/lok so there’s gonna be skewed favorism, but this is goku vs superman all over again. Some characters dont belong in death battles, and aside from a handful of characters ever that can touch her, storm is one of these “above a death battle contest” power levels. 

Storm CANONICALLY defeated wonderwoman in combat. The same wonder woman who has been shown to be near equal to superman in strength. 

You wanna know what crappy writing looks like? How about a PLATINUM MECHA IN A STEAM PUNK ERA? First off its a mecha out of place for the tech levels l. Second, platinum is a brittle metal and would collapse under all that weight. But they backed themselves into a corner with platinum being unbendable (despite sterling silver actually being purer than most platinum, and fully refined metals will be pure enough to unbendable in the first place) 

So the writers literally require suspension of basic reality for a plot contrivance. Thats not good writing, thats lazy, sloppy, and ignorant of their world and the sciences they incorporated into it

Edit: meanwhile specific comic arcs have been rated among some of the best literature ever created 🤷‍♀️ 

The issue you have is that each version of the character stands alone. You should be asking WHICH storm, since over 100 versions exist. Each continuity is its own universe, allowing for retelling of different stories in different ways. 

Also imagine complaining about comics writing style when thats only way to keep characters that are 40+ years old fresh and relatable. 

Imagine thinking comics are one cohesive literature when every ten years or so they reboot continuity to sell to a new generation of fans.
