I'm a practicing lawyer who has appeared in significantly greater number of criminal matters than the number links you've sent. Is there a systemic persecution of minorities? Yes. Is it as easy for cops to implicate someone in a fake case as you seem to suggest? Absolutely not. Showing me links of singular instances is not supportive of your argument at all because:

1. Acquittal does not imply false implication by cops at all. So most of the links you've provided are meaningless. Your argument is: Cops can simply falsely implicate someone by adding a name. So for the links to support your argument you have to show cops merely added the names of the people ultimately acquitted to falsely implicate them. Show me an order where the trial court makes an observation about the involvement of the cops in either of the links.
2. Singular links miss out on the larger picture and what actually happens on average. Like i've already stated, there is a systemic persecution of minorities, but is it as overt and easy as you claim? No.

&amp;#x200B;

But i'll also deal with each link individually just so i don't have to waste time on this argument any further.

1. First link is about individuals associated with a banned organization. So like i said in my original comment, it's not as easy under UAPA as randomly naming someone. Cops require something to build a narrative on. That's completely applicable here. Again i'm not justifying what happened, just that you implied that cops can implicate someone out of thin air, which is absolutely untrue.
2. Second link. The guy was actually convicted of stabbing cops. So while he was cleared of the terrorism charges, he did commit a very serious offence, which again gave the cops enough room to create a narrative of him being a terrorist. It wasn't something done out of thin air.
3. Third link. This i agree is one instance where these allegations were made out of nowhere. But so far you're at a 1 out of 3 of a total of 6 links.
4. Fourth link. I'll give this link to you as well, so you're at a 2/4 now.
5. Fifth link. The actions were taken by a special investigation team and not regular cops. An SIT has far broader powers than your typical beat constable or SHO who would stop you so i'm not inclined to consider this relevant.
6. Sixth link. I'll give this link to you as well.

Ultimately, of the tens of thousands of cases that cops deal with every month all across the country, you've been able to show me a grand total of 3 instances where cops implicated people out of thin air. And this exactly is my point.

I'd also like to clarify my stance of police brutality and false implications since you seem to have taken up arms against me. I'm very categorically against them, and i also do recognize it happens. There is no justification for it, and such incidents should be dealt with with criminal charges for the cops involved.

But that's not the point. If you honestly think a random beat constable can falsely implicate anyone in a very serious charge of terrorism or pedophilia, then you're delusional and paranoid. They can't. And for the most part they don't. It's usually cops empowered with greater powers under the UAPA or other draconian statutes who are able to do this, but often even they require something to build the narrative on. Virtually every single link you provided had the investigation carried out by a specialized wing of the police, with much greater powers than your average cop. They're not the ones who will be stopping you at check points. They're not the ones asking for your phone in the present fact scenario. So like i've already said. Your argument is blatantly incorrect and ignorant of how much an average cop can actually do.
