Ah, thanks! I appreciate the examples although I can't really relate. What is interesting here is that you told her what you wanted and she still didn't do it. I like to think I wouldn't do that if someone explicitly told me the problem but I don't know.

I'm curious to hear the same story from her perspective. I think my main problem,  and probably hers as well, is that I'm socially unaware and completely oblivious to the world around me. I also take things at face value instead of trying to pay more attention to what's really going on. I bet her perspective on these situations is quite different, not that it's correct.

 For example, I had a friend who helped me get my job but I ended up on her team and she bitched about how bad her boss was and apologized that I ended up with him, too. But then, once I started my job, she was friendly and kind to the boss. It blew my mind. I never would've guessed she didn't like him from how she was acting to him. I get that he's the boss but it still took me aback. 

I actually distanced myself from her after that because if she was talking behind her bosses back, she probably was talking behind my back too and I didn't want that. Things like this are typical but I have a hard time finding the nuances between fake friendliness and real friendliness until it's too late. Like I'll only notice if it's blatantly obvious but the relationship is usually beyond repair once it gets to that point.

Another thing I have to work on though that reading your post reminded me: finding a balance. I have like 2 modes, one is confident and comfortable. This is when I'm being myself but end up making social mistakes or saying rude things that put people off. The other is withdrawn, quiet and awkward. This is my attempt to be more socially aware and careful but it backfires because then I just become awkward, quiet, not fun to be around and distant.

Sorry my reply was so long. But thanks for yours. It reminded  me things about myself I need to work on. I don't really know how to improve social awareness. It doesn't come naturally to me even when I'm trying. Social subtleties seem to go over my head but I will keep practicing to pay closer attention.
