&gt;Atla had far superior writing

With a ton of its own flaws and stupid moments.

&gt;korra losing to someone in her natural element as an avatar is insulting to the avatar as a concept

It never happened. She never lost to anyone in a waterbending fight. And it's as stupid as saying that Aang losing to episode 2 Zuko who was going through his basics, despite being an airbending master, undermines the whole character arc and whatever else dumb shit you were reaching for. 

&gt;Amon never should’ve been able to take an avatar’s bending. Period

Says who? 

&gt;Hell the original creators had to leave a list of rules and restrictions because even kataang would have been undone if the shithead behind lok had their way

You do realise that AtlA and LoK had the same creators, right?

&gt;It’s laughable you call out comics for bad writing but cant even recognize the huge drop in quality from atla to lok

It's funny how this drop in quality was never even a part of the conversation and has nothing to do with the topic at hand, but i guess it will do since you ran out of somewhat valid arguments.

&gt;You wanna know what crappy writing looks like? How about a PLATINUM MECHA IN A STEAM PUNK ERA?

Who the fuck told you it was steampunk era? AtlA was may be, the technology moved on significantly since then. We literally see new source of energy very similar to electricity (but much more powerful) discovered and weaponized. Calling it crappy just because you didn't bother to watch the show or didn't pay any attention is weird.

&gt;First off its a mecha out of place for the tech levels l

It doesn't make any less sense than the drill from AtlA. 

&gt;Second, platinum is a brittle metal and would collapse under all that weight

Arguing avatar universe physics... Really? I mean do you REALLY want to open this can of worms?

&gt;But they backed themselves into a corner with platinum being unbendable (despite sterling silver actually being purer than most platinum, and fully refined metals will be pure enough to unbendable in the first place)

For this point to make at least a degree of sense you have to point out at least one instance when they bended something purer than platinum in the show.

&gt;So the writers literally require suspension of basic reality for a plot contrivance

Avatar as a franchise literally started from requiring suspension of basic reality with that hundred years in ice beauty sleep. 

&gt;Thats not good writing, thats lazy, sloppy, and ignorant of their world and the sciences they incorporated into it

It's a world they created, they created its rules, and for the most part these rules are consistent in both shows (which doesn't require them to be consistent with the real world btw).

&gt;Edit: meanwhile specific comic arcs have been rated among some of the best literature ever created

Good for them? Are any of those about Storm by any chance?

&gt;Imagine thinking comics are one cohesive literature when every ten years or so they reboot continuity to sell to a new generation of fans

I don't think they ever argued that comics are one cohesive literature. Their problem was literally that they are not.
