The real answer is that the uptick will depend on the size of the deal.

In reality, I believe the market has priced in a $0.5B to $1B sale.  BUT that’s pretty pessimistic and ignorant of the landscape.  Here’s why...

There are three things going on here that people are having trouble differentiating.

#1 Facebook lost the battle in EU/German court against $BB regarding patent infringement.  They were going to shutdown FB messenger, Insta and WhatsApp but FB finally agreed to settle.  That’s settlement will be part of this patent deal.  

#2 About 90% of the royalties that $BB had been steadily collecting from various companies were put on hold -and have been on hold - for almost 3 quarters.  These regularity amounted to $500M in royalties per year.  The margins on these were in the order of 90%.  As in, they paid some lawyers and the rest was gravy to the income statement and balance sheet in cash every quarter.  $BB has not been paid these for 10 months and this will invariably be included /accounted for in the payout as well.  

#3 when $BB put FB’s balls in a vice it perked up the ears of everyone else that had stolen and used $BB Intellectual Property.  This lawsuit set a precedent.  There are dozens of companies.  They will also sign onto this patent deal.

The patent deal will not just be a sale.  What $BB is doing is partitioning off around half their patent portfolio and selling it to a large consortium.  It will be another business entity.  

That entity, which will consist of several billion and trillion dollar companies will 

(1) pay $BB a large sum of money up front, incl. any payments owed in arrears and include compensation /settlements that should have been paid in the past

(2) pay $BB a trailing / annual amount - likely hundreds of millions a year - for up to 7 years.

(3) enable $BB to continue using the IP that this new consortium/ entity will “own” without penalty.

(4) This consortium will also staunchly defend ANYONE who infringed on these patents.  It won’t be $BB defending these patents.  It’ll be a consortium of Qualcomm, Nvidia, Facebook, Google, BB, (examples), etc defending these patents.  

This payout will be handsome and continuous and I do believe it will add billions to $BB coffers at essentially 100% margins (free cash) over the years.

All of this has been talked about and written about.  Chen has clearly said his goal is to monetize the patent book valuation and spinning it off like this is exactly the way to do it.

The complexity of this deal - as described above - is why this is taking so long to finalized.  But it’s coming.   If you choose not to be patient, it will likely be at your own peril.  

So let’s stop bitching and complaining.  
BBeleivers would rather have Chen close the best deal rather than a quick deal.  

(CYA:  DYODD...Not FA)

60K shares deep (and still green) and I ain’t going nowhere for years.
