I think it’s up to every player to craft a backstory that makes sense for their PC, just like any ttrpg. Why does someone become an adventurer in dnd? An investigator in Call of Cthulhu? Join a clan/coterie in VtM? Traveller actually does a pretty good job of throwing out hooks in character creation in the form of events. You can take one of those hooks and expand on it, or you can bring a concept of your own and work it into the character. 

I play a young doctor, who went to university, then joined the marines as a medic after graduation because he wanted to see the galaxy. He did one term of service and decided the military life wasn’t for him, but he never lost his wanderlust. He was listless for a time after his discharge (and got cut off financially from his uberrich parents) when he, by chance, bumped into another former marine who had been a patient of his, who had a project she was starting, and recruited him to the cause. Nothing else to do, lots of skill and motivation, looking for a new start, he jumped at the opportunity. 

Going into the game, I knew I wanted to play a young character, I wanted to be a medic, and I wanted that character to come from a wealthy background and be a sort of fish-out-of-water in the backwaters of the Reft where the campaign would be set. I knew I wanted him to be privileged and ignorant of what poverty actually looked like, and I wanted him to have skills that made him valuable to helping people that didn’t just involve throwing his wealth at it (which was how everything was handled throughout his youth). I just brought those concepts, the dice provided their opinions in creation, and I incorporated that into making what I feel is a very fleshed out, well-rounded character concept, with motivations that feel believable. 

Don’t create your character in a vacuum. Use the characters that the other players are rolling to bring your character into the situation. The main reason people do anything irl is because of other people. Traveller actually has a fairly decent mechanic to build on this concept.
