It might be controversial to people who are unaware and uneducated in the issues.

**TLDR: the ONLY TWO things that matter are (1) YOU stay alive and remain able to take care of your baby; and (2) your baby stays alive and keeps gaining weight and messing diapers.**

I advocate TRYING to breastfeed, but it's understood that some people might have difficulties, especially if it's your first child.  Some people have difficulties only for a while; some people have continued and permanent difficulties.  I always say to give it your best shot, use all the resources and professionals (specially trained doctors, nurses, lactation consultants, etc.) available to you, etc.  Follow their instructions as best you can.

But in the end, formula feeding is a perfectly valid way to feed your baby until they can wean at about 12-ish months of age.  It is not a failure to be unable to breastfeed.  It is not a failure to choose formula feeding.

Whether it's because someone is a breast cancer/double mastectomy survivor, or they just don't produce breastmilk, Postpartum Anxiety/Depression is involved, or the baby was adopted by two Dads (or one Anderson Cooper Dad), doesn't matter.  Formula feeding is valid and you're not potentially hurting someone else, unlike vaccination.

Shockingly, there are so many things can make breastfeeding impossible.  Historically, when a mother was unable to breastfeed, they would pay for a wet nurse or if they couldn't afford that, their babies just died and they tried again in a few months to conceive another.  It wasn't until we started bottle-feeding with formula that we got our infant mortality rates under control.

There was a time in the early/mid- 1900s when man-made chemical pesticides were used with reckless abandon.  DDT and dangerous chemicals had wound its way into the human food chain, and was found in human breastmilk.  So, people were told to stop breastfeeding.  That was absolutely the right thing to do at the time.

Corporate greed definitely played a part (as it does with many many products) in over-marketing formula to the masses.  So, there was a retaliation to this by over-marketing of breastfeeding and villainizing of formula.  I'm all for public health messaging and marketing campaigns, but some organizations have gotten waaay evil in the pro-breastfeeding direction which is I think what your friends have been subject to.
