Initially I thought you were merely unintelligent and unaware of what it actually meant, so I was being polite. Now I know you're just maliciously retarded...

&gt;Forced redistribution of wealth (at gun point) from the haves to the have-nots.

That's... idiotic. It literally just increases taxes *only on the rich you absolute melon*.

&gt;Taxes simply for holding physical property.

Yes! That is exactly how property taxes work. You know, the thing we already have?

&gt;UBI to pay people not to work, just a few stulimulus checks and paying people not to work proved UBI cannot work in a free market.

UBI is so poor people don't have to starve to death because one of their windows broke and their $0 savings (because their minimum wage job doesn't pay them enough to have anything to save!) can't cover that and food. No one will accept living with only the $1000 a month, that's almost nothing. Thus, to improve their lives, people still work.

&gt;The destruction of the Constitution (already doing that). The removal of free speech (already doing that) Active discrimination, by law policy, to give certain people advantages, sometimes massive, over others, simply based on immutable characteristics, and punish others for having different characteristics.

You not being able to say the n-word doesn't constitute "active discrimination" and "removal of free speech".

&gt;Unlimited, unchecked, and unregulated immigration into the country.

Well damn, just FUCK "Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore". Truly, you know a lot about America! How *dare* poor people from other countries come here and work hard to feed their families!

&gt;Free college (which would make degrees pointless) and loan forgiveness for people choosing horrible degrees in college.

How the *fuck* does free college make degrees pointless you fucking inbred ass-baby? Degrees matter based on the education received, not the money spent. I understand numbers are very confusing for your brain and you don't take too well to logic, but knowledge is actually what's valuable and not just money spent. By your same logic, all public school are completely worthless!

&gt;Absolute authoritarian control by the government over the people and their lives (like permanent covid lockdowns).

Yes, totally insane crazy control! Like "please stop murdering people for being black" and "make sure to pay your workers enough so they can actually fucking live". Oh no, you've uncovered the secret scheme!

&gt;Systematic persecution of political opposition.

I totally forgot the time Warren and Sanders joined together to silence and kill members of the republican party, then claiming that they actually won the election they lost before urging their supporters to attempt a violent uprising against their own country!

&gt;A destruction of the US energy grid and ignoring legitimate alternative, clean, and abundant energies.

The exact opposite, retard! DemSocs massively support climate change initiatives and clean energy. 

&gt;Banning gas powered vehicles, pricing poor people out of personal transportation, and putting a massive financial burden on people living in rural areas with long commutes.

I know we talked about you not liking numbers too good, but electric cars can easily cost the exact same as ones that destroy the entire planet now! Also, no one wants to ban gas vehicles unless it's 10-20 years from now, so your entire point there is a pointless strawman! Long commutes? Please-- even the cheapest electric cars can go 130+ miles on a charge, which can be brought back to full in 15 minutes with a fast charger. Plus, fast chargers can easily be prevalent if tax breaks are offered for those who choose to install them.

&gt;A destruction of the US legal system, fundamental human rights, and any sense of actual justice.

Totally! The people who are evil against the US legal system are the ones trying to punish the poor, innocent Twumpies who accidentally attempted a violent attack on the Capitol! Not the administration who has committed treason multiple times, consistently lied under oath, laid off those who investigated it, and tried to cover up everything it did! You're very smart! I bet aunt-mom and uncle-dad are really proud of you :).

In conclusion: you're an idiot.
