I think labelling him as a narcissist is a bit much, and I do really wish people wouldn't so quickly jump to quite loaded (and significant) psychological labels whenever someone does something they find disagreeable. There is worlds of difference between someone being selfish and someone being an actual proper narcissist. 

His behaviour comes across as selfish, that is reason alone to dump him honestly. He's very curt in his treatment of you and doesn't appear to concerned with "sparing feelings". I'd agree he's rude and doesn't appear to care much about how he comes across. If you don't like that about him, dump him.

I disagree he is a potential "gaslighting narcissist". Someone going back and explaining what they meant by a term they used is not gaslighting. That is clarification. Gaslighting is when someone makes you objectively question your version of events and things that don't match up with your reality, and denies that reality despite the evidence. Interpretation of a word does not fall into this category because he's not denying what you understood by the word, he's simply expressing what he intended by it (assumedly to try and make his meaning more clear to try and tidy up any misinterpretations).  Gaslighting would be you doing X, him saying Y in response, and then later you ask why he did Y and he denies he did Y at all and possibly denies you doing X as well and tries to have you believe it never happened at all (or redefines what happened). Cross-interpretations, whilst a possible arena for abuse, is not gaslighting unless the person is trying to repaint how you responded to the word ie "I was hurt when you said that" "were you? You didn't seem upset at all, and after I explained you said okay and that you understood?".

I mean techncially he is right, dating is not an obligation. This lends me to think perhaps he is just socially unaware and blunt. I mean there's technically true, and then there's not being able to read the room. He sounds very bad at reading the room and not considering how what he says might come across to other people, which whilst potentially bad traits, don't make him what you seem to be suggesting.

I do however think your messaging approach in some instances was a bit passive-aggressive. For example bringing up the previous flaw you observed in him and relating it to something a "bad ex of yours did" wasn't exactly a brilliant move by you, assuming he apologised and you'd "moved on from it". Although your text about cancellations was jokey, if you were annoyed by it, be forthright and state that, and if you weren't, the tone wasn't needed. Your text projected a kinda "try to guess if i'm annoyed because I won't tell you" vibe which doesn't lend itself to clear communication. I mean his reply did include an apology for messing you about with that, but you focused on the "obligation" part.

In all, I think he is a pretty big jerk and he doesn't sound great for you and you'd have my support in giving him the boot as you don't sound totally compatible. You sound like a more passive communicator who works best with inference and intuition whereas he comes across like a very direct communicator ie "if I suck tell me, because i'll tell you". I would urge you however to try and not "overead" or "overanticipate" what other people are thinking or feeling because when you're doing this rather than taking people at face value, it doesn't appear to be working out amazingly well here. His behaviour has been objectively rude here however and he is definitely the "bad guy" and you aren't, so if my post gave you that impression, I apologise. I just like to give advice where I can.
