OP, I hope you read this because I have first hand experience with this situation. 

I often am like this. This has happened to me with both of my long term partners. Sometimes I felt great and in love and ready to plan a future, and sometimes I was sure I no longer loved them and was down or lonely any time I met up with them. 

The first time I experienced this, I was young and unaware of my mental state. I knew I was depressed, but I didn't know depression could cause this as well. It was only after my relationship ended and I went to therapy for 3 years that I realised it. I had to go on medication too because my situation was quite severe (not saying your bf's is as well, only a professional can tell you that). I wish I knew I was depressed and not actually out of love. Depression often times leads to numbness and the loss of emotions. It doesn't necessarily mean suicidal thoughts or sadenss, it comes in many shapes and forms and this is one of them: emptiness. That emptiness feels like you've lost feelings and it feels so true, so real, so solid, that you think it HAS to be that the love has died when in reality, it's like a dark blanket being thrown over your emotions hiding them. 

This numbness is considered a coping mechanism according to the professionals I've met. It could be his work, his family, his everyday life, general happiness with how he or his life turned out, his childhood, any hidden trauma. It could be a coping mechanism for anything that we don't know, but you, him or preferably professional could likely figure it out because it is often times a myriad of interlinked, complicated issues, not just one black and white issue.

This stopped happening to me when I received GOOD treatment by a GOOD therapist. Unfortunately it returned in my second (and current) long term relationship as I stopped medication and therapy due to poor finances but for a few years I was doing great. The difference is that now I am AWARE. So now, when I feel like my love has died, I wait. I don't say it to them. I sit with those feelings and like them stir. I wait weeks if I have to because chances are that feeling goes away and that's how I test if I'm suffering from mental instability or genuine relationship slump (the latter has happened as well). It's unstable. It's tough. It's confusing and it's very, very lonely knowing many don't understand. Feeling *nothing* is sometimes a lot heavier than feeling hurt or anger or sadness because you don't fully understand it, yet it somehow swallows you whole and disrupts everything in your life slowly making you more and more mentally unstable.

Your boyfriend does sound depressed. However, reddit is not a place to diagnose that. I hope you can convince him to explore this idea and hopefully at least try one session of therapy to see. Yes, it IS possible it is just his feelings dying out but it's also likely possible his depression is confusing the fuck out of them. 

I want to give another story, one of my friend. Her bf was severely depression and he said a couple of times his feelings were dying out. She thought it was his depression and tried being there for him in every way. In the end, turns out his feelings really were gone. Yes, he was depressed, but yes, his feelings were also genuinely gone and soon after he started dating someone else. So I do not want to give you false hope that therapy and a conversation will save your relationship, but it is very important you try nonetheless because in the case it is depression, your understanding and support will play a crucial role. It is a hard and demanding position on an SO, I also know this from first hand experience, but I hope you hang tight and I hope he gets better soon. Because this is something very close to my heart, I feel for you and I'm sending love your way. Please feel free to dm me if you need to.
