Your account here is correct. Once a combat action is *declared* initiative is rolled. The rolled initiative will determine whether anything reacted fast enough to go before the declared action, and whether anyone is surprised. 

&gt;I would rule that the sleeping Bandits are Unconscious, and would be awoken and added to the Initiative order after the first round. Is this RAW?

Honestly, don't know, I've always winged unconsciousness. I think there might be perception checks involved? What I'd do is add them to initiative when initiative is rolled, and then have unconsciousness be a condition they either roll to end on their turn or are shaken out of by another creature spending its action to do so.

&gt;I would rule that the Rogue, due to this particular environment allowing him to get to melee range without being seen, is "Attacking from Hiding," even with a melee weapon, and has Advantage on the strike. Is this reasonable?

Yes. While 5e does treat it as if you can see everywhere around you all the time, that's clearly ridiculous in the context of specifically sneaking up behind someone, so you should count as unseen. Although, I would say that the Rogue doesn't move out of its hiding place until it actually gets its turn, so the bandit can't see it until it leaps out. 

&gt;Despite having the first turn in Initiative order, the Bandit would, mechanically speaking, be both Surprised and unaware of the rogue, right? Losing his ability to take an action, and granting Advantage on the rogue's attack? This seems odd to me; can you be Surprised by something you aren't aware of (yet)?

This is a bit loose. Either interpretation is reasonable in different ways imo. Consider representing "surprised" as "not yet in combat". Initiative had to be rolled because at least one person chose to enter combat (the Rogue in this case), but it takes the Bandit's first turn for it to realise something is up.

&gt;Is the Bandit still Surprised, even before the Rogue's turn?

When initiative is rolled, you determine Surprise. A creature is surprised if it is not aware of any hostile intentions when initiative is rolled (creatures do not necessarily need to be hidden for this to occur - eg if I walked up to your mother and just stabbed her in the knee, she'd be pretty damn surprised cos she would never have expected that to happen). If the other players could also not be seen when initiative is rolled, but then come marching in, the bandit remains surprised (it can't become unsurprised until it takes its turn). Also, if the other PCs aren't expecting combat either, they may be surprised too. 

&gt;is the answer to the narrative weirdness here "everything is happening simultaneously in six seconds" and the turn order just doesn't do a great job of communicating what's happening?

Yes.
