&gt;I would rule that the sleeping Bandits are Unconscious, and would be awoken and added to the Initiative order after the first round. Is this RAW?

Idk if this is exactly RAW but this is the sort of judgement I expect the DM to make either way (as a player)

&gt;I would rule that the Rogue, due to this particular environment allowing him to get to melee range without being seen, is "Attacking from Hiding," even with a melee weapon, and has Advantage on the strike. Is this reasonable?

This feels reasonable to me.

&gt;Despite having the first turn in Initiative order, the Bandit would, mechanically speaking, be both Surprised and unaware of the rogue, right? Losing his ability to take an action, and granting Advantage on the rogue's attack? This seems odd to me; can you be Surprised by something you aren't aware of (yet)? 

I think being surprised by something due to being unaware of it is part of the definition of a surprise lol but it's possible I misunderstood the question

&gt;The Bandit was Surprised because the Rogue, specifically, approached stealthily and beat his PP score. However, the other players are preceding the Rogue in Initiative Order and did not make additional stealth checks. So... Is the Bandit still Surprised, even before the Rogue's turn? Because these other players have suddenly made themselves known, sauntering in, guns swords akimbo, before the Rogue's big play. 

IMO, the Rogue should be the only one getting a surprise round in this situation. As in, the rogue makes his move despite his order in initiative and THEN initiative order starts. Assuming I understand this correctly. That's how I would rule it in my games at least.

&gt;If everything above is mechanically sound, is the answer to the narrative weirdness here "everything is happening simultaneously in six seconds" and the turn order just doesn't do a great job of communicating what's happening?

More or less. Sometimes mechanics and narrative weirdness do butt heads but I don't personally feel like this is one of those times. In every game I've played that utilizes the concept of a surprise round, the players in the surprise round go first despite their placement in the initiative order vs the bandits, as the bandits don't get a surprise round


I hope this helps and if I did say something extremely wrong, please don't crucify me for it
