I'm going to give you a brief overview.

I learned that the desire I have to experience the freedom to cause and create something wonderful for other people in myself, is the same desire that the Holy Spirit has for my life.

I learned that there are thoughts and thought patterns as well as behaviors that can hinder, limit and even eliminate my ability to experience this Holy Spirit desire I have in my life. And that these hindering factors, are called sins.

I learned that my desire to feel good and not feel bad. To look good and not look bad. And my desire to be considered wise and aware while avoiding being considered unwise and unaware, that only comes from my body. And could be considered my body's survival strategy. But all of it's covered with in scripture. I didn't know that.

I learned that one of the ways to see that were created in God's image, could be expressed this way.

God is a creative being who creates with his words. Who created, creative beings who create with their words.

I learned how important it is for humans to cause and create things. I learned how far-reaching this desire actually is. And that it's possible to cause and create wonderful things. But it's also possible to cause and create things that are not so wonderful.

I learned that the very first word in the Bible, also contains the plan of salvation. That the name of God, also contains direct references to the work of the Messiah and the work of the Holy Spirit. I wasn't expecting that.

I also learned that what I had always been taught four types and shadows and prophecies in the Old Testament, can also be seen as an instruction manual for Jesus's life.

And the last thing I'll mention. I found 10 things that showed up after Adam and Eve's tree experience I give up wonderful picture of what it is to be human. And what shows up when humans start to do their very human thing. But I also learned that 90% of the teachings that Jesus gave us, were designed specifically to undo the thoughts and the thought processes as well as the behaviors, of what shows up when we start to behave like Adam and Eve did.

And because I know how unclear that is I'll say it this way.

After the tree Adam and Eve we're more than willing to blame anybody but themselves for what they did. And what Jesus teaches is that we are to take responsibility for your own actions. It turns out you can't cast blame on others and at the same time take responsibility for your own actions. These two ideas are usually exclusive.

The last thing I learned was that if you understand Genesis chapter 3, the rest of the entire Bible makes a lot more sense.
