Thank you for your comment! They're so caught up with their virtue signaling to try to counter how out of touch they are that they don't realize their virtue signaling is actually showing their disconnect. 

The Gabby petito comment was RIDICULOUS. Has absolutely nothing to do with anything.

Not to mention the people saying if a black woman tried to write a book like this it wouldn't get published like WHAT. How can you be that fucking ignorant and unaware of the fact there's tonsss of memoirs like this written by women of color. Same thing about the media thing. Tons of stories like this told on screen about women of color/families of color. 

I'll give em there was more of them in the 90s and 2000s, but to say that stuff wouldn't get picked up or doesn't get published is just ridiculous when there's literally so many examples of the opposite. These people have actually no clue what they're talking about and don't even realize they're reinforcing racist stereotypes in their virtue signaling bs. 

Like just because one thing exists doesn't take it away from someone else. The world is allowed to show the struggles of a poor white woman dealing with dv.

 I'll take it a step further and say on a subconscious level the real reason these people don't like it is because it ruins their image that all white people are privileged and only women of color struggle like this and they like that structure. They don't want to see it can happen to them. They like their privilege which is why they put so much effort to virtue signal against it. They call that reaction formation in terms of psychological defense mechanisms. These people can't comprehend racism and classism are 2 different things and white people can be poverty class and being so is not inherently due to racism (though racism has played a role in a large number of black/brown communities being stuck in the poverty class, it's a dual thing for them.. not just a racism thing), and clasissm can exist without racism. They don't want to be reminded they're not actually protected from that. Anyways. That's my psychoanalysis of this bullshit 🤣
