Again, just because YOU had parents that raised you well, according to youreelf lol, doesn’t give you a right to comment on parenting. You’re not a parent, never will be so nothing you say is valid and you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. What you said about autism is so false and just shows how ignorant you are. It’s not going to do anything for autistic children to shelter them from environments that may or may not cause overstimulation. And not everyone can afford to leave their autistic child at home while they go out to eat. I’d consider that shitty parenting, leaving one child at home while you take the rest out to eat? You are literally overlooking so many things that come with being a parent and your advice is nonsense. I could tell you that you are a shitty cat parent since your cats look fat as hell and you are killing them slowly by overfeeding them. I don’t own any cats but that’s shitty cat parenting right there! This is exactly what you are doing. Commenting on stuff you don’t know about. And boo hoo, you childfree people feel ostracized lmao. What a first world problem. You people in this sub are the most entitled people I swear. You bully actual children. It’s one thing to want to be childfree and have that choice be respected and not questioned but it’s another thing to go out of your way to complain about people wanting kids, having kids, kids being kids… Safe space lmao? Now childfree need a safe space where they can aboid being criticised but in the very same space all they do is criticise and judge others. It’s people like you and basically everyone else in here why childfree people get a bad rap and are not respected by many people. You have no respect yourself and they way you talk about actual children is gross, as if you all weren’t a loud, slobbering kids yourselves at one point. It’s fine to not want kids but do not comment on other people’s parenting, that’s so low and disrespectful. Want respect for your choice? Then respect the people that do want kids and love kids and are raising their children the best way they can under whatever circumstances they are in. My mom had to work three jobs to raise me and my siblings as a single mom. She raised us well but she also did get us a gaming console for when she was exhausted and tired from working. My sister deals with anxiety and depression and is splitting up with her partner of three years. She will sometimes give her kids a phone if it means she gets a little break? So what? Those parents you see are real people and are not invincible and struggle, they aren’t perfect, they have flaws, they aren’t a perfect parent every day, they slip and make mistakes. That does not give you a right to comment on their parenting when you will never know what it’s like to be a parent. It is so narrow minded and ignorant of you to see a kid on the phone at a restaurant and automatically assume bad parenting when you’ll never know the family and what they may or may not be going through or their kids for that matter. You will never see this family again yet you judge. Again, stay in your lane. Leave parents alone.
