I have no idea how you read that from the film but hey, this isn't the thread for popular opinions. 

Dani, in the film, is going through abject trauma and she's doing it almost entirely alone. Christian is emotionally unavailable at the time when she needs him most. He's completely self-involved and unaware of what Dani is going through. You have to pay attention to what the film doesn't say as much as what it does, because grief and trauma are huge thematic elements in there. 

Dani has been watching her sister's mental illness unfold for years and this is no doubt a source of serious anxiety. So when the movie opens with her entire family being annihilated by her sister, it's not just a shock, it's a culmination of anxiety, so yeah...she's not really paying attention to people around her. She's a little preoccupied with her own grief. Again, that's one of the main themes of the movie. 

As far as attention goes, she DOES need some kind of attention right now, anyone in her shoes would. She needs to be supported and feel like she's not alone. That's basic humanity right there. And because her friends do not provide this, she's left in an *incredibly* vulnerable place. 

People in those vulnerable places are the ones that are easiest to pull into a cult, unfortunately. And once she's there, I don't anything would be able to pull her away from it. That's sort of the culmination of the themes in the film...she's been left cold and alone and grieving, and a cult was there to pick her up. They gave her what she needed: They let her feel like she wasn't alone in grief, they helped her explore that grief, they showed her that death is a natural part of life not to be feared but, in fact, to be embraced and celebrated. And then they took this woman who felt absolutely powerless in her life and gave her some serious power. Indeed, the power to decide who lives and who dies. 

I think the movie is positively brilliant. Dani isn't a villain, she's a victim the whole way through, and pretty much everyone else is some sort of villain. Even the cult that gives her what she needs is doing so out of its own interests. They're not lifting her up because they are caring humans who know what she needs, they are doing it because having her on board is good for them. Internally, they probably see it as mutually beneficial because I'm sure they're all true believers. But externally, it's manipulative. 

Anyhow, point is, I think you've got literally the worst take on this movie I've ever seen, so good job on understanding the assignment of this thread.
