No, *Leda* received a letter. (Why would Rokeby write to Ted and Joan?) We don't know if Rokeby himself wrote it, or if it was written by Gillespie or another representative simply to note that Strike's 18th birthday marks the end of child support payments. 

Part of my question is whether this was a legal form letter that Strike misinterprets as a warning from Rokeby not to expect any additional help with college expenses beyond the money that's been untouched for years. Strike doesn't say so to Robin, and he doesn't say how he felt about the letter. But he seems to have reasoned (A) my aunt and uncle told my father about my Oxford acceptance and (B) my mother received a letter saying not to expect any more more money. B happened after A; therefore, A caused B--a classic post hoc fallacy. If this is what Strike thought, it might help explain why his hotter-headed teenaged self felt moved to go insult Rokeby in person. 

My frustration is that none of this is ever stated, forcing me as a reader to make leaps and guesses in response to Strike's incomplete explanation to Robin--which explanation itself is probably based on Strike's own leaps and guesses. As u/zsenyasq points out, I don't think we can trust what Strike says. He may have the bare facts right, but his comments about motive are suspect--like his assumption that when Jonny smiles at him and congratulates him, it's only  because Jonny sees his newly-turned-adult son as a threat:

&gt;Got a smile off Rokeby this time. Well, I was off his hands financially now, but old enough to talk to the press. Oxford had clearly been a bit of a shock to him. He’d probably hoped, with a background like mine, I’d slide quietly out of sight forever.

Adult Strike talks big but I sense a world of hurt and accusation behind those tough words. "A background like mine"--squats, communes, constant uprootings, poverty, awful father-substitutes like Whittaker--mainly happened because his real father never took an active role in his upbringing.

Would Strike even have made the appointment if Leda hadn't told him the contents of the letter? This could be another case of Leda inappropriately  sharing adult issues with a son too young and unaware of the background to draw the right conclusions.
