I actually had quite recently the experience myself as well, haha. 

I ended up in bed (nothing sexual happened) with this guy I had built up a very strong emotional connection for over the past years. I think he's most likely a FA, leaning anxious but is untreated and unaware of AT styles. During the night I could literally feel him trying to get closer and pulling away. Next morning he didn't wanted to be touched, but kept being very caring, but eventually I did noticed he wanted me to go away. Did give me a small kiss though. As I'm trying to be better and push through my own weird feelings I asked him to meet up the next weekend (also because I knew I wouldn't be able for the upcoming weeks due to my own things) and I noticed he responded agitated, haha. Like "we keep in touch".

I myself went slowly down and felt completely numb for the rest of the week. Since I'm trying to be better I asked him at the end of the week if he was still willing to meet up, or otherwise after all those weeks (which would have been fine by me because I was completely drained). He responded that he didn't want to continue, but was hoping I didn't felt too disappointed. When I asked why, he couldn't explain but based it on a gut feeling he had. Also apologized for responding late because he had been busy(?) which was really weird. Kept continue to ask how my weekend was. 

I felt confused at the beginning, but shortly after actually felt quite relieved, haha. Because I was already stressing out to much, becoming very negative about possible expectations. I expressed this to him as well, which must have been confusing for him also I guess? 

Anyway, I have already shut down all my feelings, don't even feel the need to text him or watch his social media. But he does stay connected and is always the first one to watch my stories. Keeping a close eye on me although I don't have that desire with him anymore.

The whole experience actually was very insightful for myself (I don't know for him) and have to laugh about it how much I recognized some of the behaviors from him and that I used to have (or actually recognize now and know better how to deal with them). 

I do feel sad for him that he's struggling with this as well but I don't think I am the person to bring this up about what exactly is going on deep down inside of him.
