The only one acting socially inept here is you dude. Hell your response to criticism is to immediately hope some gets physically assaulted and happened, which just prices your not only socially inept, have a super fragile ego, and a dick, but that you're incapable of basic emotional regulation that your average 7 year old had mastered.

It's incredible how you're the only person who went after this dude for being "in the wrong", yet multiple people have pointed out your the one wrong, yet you think all of them are wrong, going so far as to call me socially inept for pointing out your inability to literally do the damn thing you told him to do. The lack of introspection is laughable when paired with you claiming to be the authority on what's acceptable behavior from anyone anywhere really.

You realize your response here literally proved everything I said about you as correct right? Do you also realize you publicly bagging on this dude, as well as attacking me and others criticizing your response, is just you trying to pressure conformity to what you decided is correct and acceptable behavior, the same thing you claim you want to prevent? Or are you that socially inept and unaware that you think what you did is totally okay in literally any setting? Because outside you being very good friends with the person you spoke to like you did both the original commentator and myself, your responses were 100% unacceptable behavior in ANY social setting, online or otherwise.

Also are you so unable to separate the online world from the digital one that you think people behave identically in them and that social norms must be uniform across the board of both? Much like there is a difference in work etiquette vs non-work etiquette, there's also a difference between online etiquette and real world etiquette. Apparently everyone except you is capable of comprehending this, which honestly explains a lot about you and your Reddit history.

Unlike you, I don't wish violence upon you for your lack of humanity or social understanding. But I do hope others think of you and treat you the way you do them, because you definitely deserve that, since it's pretty clear you're not remotely open minded enough to learn better.
