Thank you ,this sub is very freeing 90% of the people I’ve met have been open and are willing to talk about anything. Hope you figure things out. Being unaware and Unknowledgeable of what I was actually dealing with easily caused the biggest mess of my life. Mania is a nasty thing if you don’t know how to deal with it. For me it was my mental illnesses and growing up around bad influences but now that I’m an adult and I’ve ran into something at 18 that made me realize how fucked things were I’ve had to grow a lot. I was pretty lax with the med doctors and have found out that normal antidepressants cause me mania so if she wants to get medicated make sure she’s very self aware of what the medicines do to her. I went on taking the meds for 4 years but the whole time they were just making things a lot worse because I just listened to the doctor and didn’t take account for how they actually made me feel. The suicide rates for bipolar are extremely scary and in googles eyes the amount of stress we go through significantly reduces our life expectancy. Lots of bipolar people self medicate which is another huge problem just some things to look out for hope I can help you. I’ve been a help for many friends with so’s dealing with mental issues I am very into trying to help out people understand what we as people go through. I’ve been in therapy for 3 years with a very kind lady who’s watched me go through everything. Getting people you’re comfortable with is the most important part of the healing process. You need someone you can tell everything. If you’re that person for her you may be able to try to dive into her way of thinking and try to help her out. Honestly just being there is the best thing anyone’s ever done for me. I had friends who decorated my room and welcomed me home after my only psych ward visit. And they’ve been my closest friends since middle school, it showed me how much they cared and even if they didnt understand they’ve always been interested if I tried to explain what was going on.
