Nonstop abuse form everyone around me since I was a kid. 

I grew up in a very conformist society where the nail that sticks out is hammered down. As a quirky person with ADHD, it was a nightmare since I felt nobody respected me or appreciated me for who I was, everyone around me - parents, doctors, teachers, classmates, camp counsellors, therapists, etc - acted like I was taking up too much space on purpose just to be an asshole and never properly addressed my adhd. Negative reinforcement, brutal punishment, being made to feel like everything is my fault, and very little praise every day of my life. When I moved to America and realized things could be different, it was like a massive weight off my chest! I finally got the intensive therapy and psychiatric help I so desperately needed. 

It was a slow burn (C-PTSD) rather than intense acute events,  so it felt like I shouldn’t be this damaged (so more self loathing from that too). But growing up to the age of 25 with everyone trying to change you and making you feel inadequate and like you’re a horrible mean person is indeed traumatizing if it happens over and over again and you can’t seem to succeed at changing into what you’re “supposed to be”.

Sometimes I feel guilty and weak having PTSD when I always had a roof over my head, was fed, had a family who claimed to love me, am bright and well-educated, when people who’ve gone through way worse have it for real. 

But when I look back on how my husband grew up vs how I grew up it made sense. Being born into a world that doesn’t want you is really tough for anyone I think. Having everyone constantly try to change you as if THEIR sudden tip will magically make a difference and never experiencing the appreciation for who I was is something quite rare and heartbreaking especially over time. 

When you come from a culture where equality and not taking up too much space is the gold standard, being neurodivergent and unaware of why you can’t seem to figure out how to fit in and be good enough is so demoralizing. When your parents accuse your husband of being a gold digger because he decides to marry ME is yet another knife to my heart. When you spend more time outside the class than in it and get acceleration refused despite other kids who scored lower in school getting it feels like a personal attack. Being excluded from every social group using virtue signalling reasons (if they even provide reasons at all) that make you feel defective These micro- and macro-aggressions on a daily basis can destroy a person. I just wish SOMEONE would have appreciated me as I was. Yet that didn’t happen till my 20s. Even my “friends” had turned me into their project to change. 

Im only starting to heal and have a long way towards undoing these horrible core beliefs about myself and piss poor self esteem. Im taking an antipsychotic to deal with the crippling anxiety, dissociation, and flashbacks. It’s actually working and I feel better than I ever have.
