I have my suspicians that you are Jewish.  No real Jew believes Jesus is a messiah.  And btw, the entire messiah in the old testament is an invention as well, so this is a problem from the get-go.   Archeaology has found the Bible to be embellished storytelling and historical fabrications.  One instance is the book of Daniel with it's many historical mistakes that I pointed out. (This means, by the way, that the Bible has many errors in it.) Additionally, there is zero evidence Moses lived or that over 2 million people wandered around in a desert for 40 years that one can walk the length of in 2 and a half weeks or 3 weeks.   Archaeology also found that YHWH was originally a Canaanite god, one of about 200 different gods the Canaanites worshiped.  As the Canaanites migrated out of the southern Levant area and Hebrew tribes migrated in they adopted YHW as their god.   He was originally a wind and war god and probably also worshiped in the tin mines of Timna as a god of smelting.  He had a consort wife named Asherah. Archaeologists have found small statues of YHWH and Asherah in ancient known Hebrew worship sites.  

So essentially, the Bible is tribal storytelling with an ancient political agenda, written to unite a tribe of people during times of trouble.   Oddly enough, the Biblical god is completely geographical to this particular area on our planet and specifically only concerned with the tribal people who just happened to also write the book about him. Hummm. 

What's even stranger, the Biblical god is totally unaware and ignorant of South America, Australia, Northern Europe, North America, Africa, Japan and all the people who live there.   It's fun to point out that the people who wrote your book claimed the mustard seed was the smallest seed on the planet and in the area the Bible was written this is very true.  However the people writing the book and by an odd coincidence, it's god, seemed to be unaware that an orchid, which only grew in the tropical climates of Asia and South Pacific islands, have the smallest seeds known to man. It's a dust like substance.  Strange that it's god is ignorant about the same specific things as the people who wrote the book.     

I might also point out that all gods in other holy book are geographically centered around the people who just happened to write the book about them as well.  Furthermore, people almost alway write or worship a god who protects only them but vanquishes their enemies.  Curious, wouldn't you say?  Or have you ever given this much thought?
