My roommate broke our bong over the summer so rather than spending $100 on a nice new bong I decided to spend the money on a desktop vaporizer. Ended up with a DaBuddha vaporizer that costed me $115 on sale (just checked the prices and it looks more between $150 and $200 now). Pretty much exclusively use it for smoking herb now and it's just a way better smoking experience than a bong or a pipe. You can really taste the flavor of the weed when compared to smoking and i have noticeably less nasty flem than I did when using the bong. Everyone I've used this thing with is like "I gotta get one of these". Another big perk is you can use the vaporized bud again to make edibles. First time I tried I want sure how much so I just put a tablespoon in some cookie dough and went for it. Took longer to hit than a dispo edible but boy was I ripped once I kicked in.

In my experience though I ended up smoking more once I got the vaporizer than I did before. A big part of this is just the convenience of it. I don't smoke in my house so I gotta go outside and usually wouldn't smoke during the day (lots of families and little kids in the neighborhood around and I'm not trynna by that guy tokein on the porch all day). The vape isn't nearly as smelly as smoking so I started just using it inside. This led to me smoking a lot more casually than I had been previously. I also just have more stamina for hitting the vape consistently than I would for hitting a pipe or a bong. Don't really get those nasty deep coughing rips like you can get when your smoking. If you're already pretty responsible about your weed usage and not worried about it I'd say definitely send it but for me personally it started to become a problem in terms of my usage. I've started working on cutting back but I was definitely in a haze there for awhile and unaware that I was becoming so dependent. In the long run though still glad I got the vaporizer just because it seems a lot healthier and economical than combusting.
