there's such a bad ableism problem in leftie spaces, very annoyingly so. for people who claim to be anti work, people sure put a lot of pressure on you to be "productive"

anyway, the problem was during the kellogg strike. the union was striking, and did not call for a boycott, but the people of twitter decided that strike = boycott ALWAYS regardless of what the striking union says. someone made a post claiming that if you're not boycotting, you're not a real leftist, an autistic person quote retweeted it saying that they couldn't boycott specifically because kellogg's cornflakes were one of the only foods they can eat because of sensory issues. this blew up on twitter, literally targeted harassment of this autistic person and the people defending them. someone screenshotted the tweet and said something to the effect of "this is some white people shit" and that's what got posted on the reddit. i won't get into the twitter side, but on antiwork people were like one step away from calling the autistic kid the r slur. people claiming that generic brand is indistinguishable from kellogg in terms of texture, taste, etc. which is just blatantly false and ignorant of autistic food sensitivities and sensory problems. it was a train wreck, and i posted a comment saying how i felt about it and then left.

it's a reoccurring problem in leftist spaces that disabled people are seen as a liability and it's really frustrating to see the targeted harassment of an autistic teen cross-platform. it's ridiculous how many people were saying "just because my movement doesn't account for disabled people doesn't mean you should dismiss it" and how many disabled people had to painstakingly explain how yes, actually, if the revolution is not accessible, it's eugenicist with a new coat of paint.

TL;DR cross-posting of a meme mocking an autistic person on twitter and general leftie ableism

ETA: i remember now the meme specifically said "when white people don't get their sugar" which is a lot
