I wouldn't say he's wrong. The talk is a bit simplistic, but the principle as a whole is pretty well supported. Grasslands (or any ecosystem) tolerate if not require persistent low-grade pressure in order to reach their mature state, and there is no reason to think otherwise. This requires some sort of adaptive synchrony between productivity and pressure, and that synchrony can vary in a lot of ways from ecosystem to ecosystem, but again-- as a general principle, yes.

What he leaves out (or at least doesn't expand on) is the idea of some sort of stirring or turnover of nutrients tied up in the fast-reproducers. In the ocean, that's plankton and krill and small fish, kelp, etc. In a grassland that's grass and other herby plants. The more short cycle nutrients (eg. a season or year) are tied up in dead versions of the fast-cycling organisms without being re-made into new, accessible forage, the slower the feedback loop and the less productive the mid-levels of the ecosystem are (eg. whales, large fish, grazers, etc). Grasslands, specifically, evolved to thrive with a very heavy regimen of grazing.

As far as criticisms go, apex predators are a critical element, and fire can be a critical element. Flooding, too. I don't like that he either ignores or dismisses these as inappropriate, but that's an aside considering the fact that he's proposing SOMETHING to fill that role (even if it's something we are doing manually). I would vote to add these back in at some point, and I imagine that will be an ongoing discussion relevant to each overall region.

The other big criticism I would offer is that he makes no real mention of mixing types of grazers-- on a grassland this might be horses, bison, antelope, sheep, or their counterparts for whatever ecosystem/region you are looking at. I'm not sure why he makes no mention of this, if he is promoting livestock, why not suggest allowing mixed herds to rotate at different times the way various herds of gazelle, bufallo, giraffe, etc would? These all have niches that even our cursory understanding suggests should not be ignored, and all I can say is I hope he left this out for the sake of time and simplicity and not because he is ignoring that as a critical fact of his hypothesis.

And I \*really\* don't like that he is so dismissive of native knowledge/experience. Yes, in many instances as a species we've been terrible-- but in just as many instances we've done well in tending the land, and lumping all the geographic and temporal extent of humanity into one basket is...well, it's dumb and ignorant of history. And in this talk, specifically, he literally opened by saying that "as soon as we removed the humans from the land, it went to shit", so there's that to illustrate my point here.

&amp;#x200B;

All in all I would say it's a mixed bag. Some good points, some dumb overgeneralizations and assumptions, and in sum a good piece for the provocation of thought on the matter.
