&gt;  A few hundred stealth coated rail rounds fired outside the slow zone would simply not be detected in time to do anything.

Yes, this is a good point.

But keep in mind, *everyone* benefits from the slow zone. Filling the slow zone up with debris is a huge mistake.

Have you ever seen Wall-E? Planet Earth is basically covered in satellites that make it impossible for ships to fly in or out of orbit without ramming through tons of space debris.

Yes, they could fire a bunch of shit into the slow zone and Medina would go down and nobody would be able to do anything about it.

But then the slow zone would be full of debris fields, and would be dangerous to navigate.

Filling the slow zone with debris would be a massive atrocity. It would cut off every single world from easily getting supplies from other places. Trade and transport would be effectively neutered.

You really think James Holden and the "good guys" are going to commit that kind of atrocity just to win? Doubtful.

&gt;Once she's there all she needs to do is fire a few thousand rail gun slugs at Laconia capital.

Are you daft? Laconia has THREE capital ships. Not one.

And they have no idea where those ships are in Laconia, for all they know they are sitting right on the opposite side of the gate waiting for such a plan.

So your bright idea is to have half your forces run away from the destroyer that their combined forces are incapable of defeating, and send *half* those forces to fight the **other two** destroyers? Even though the combined forces can't destroy one on their own?

So your plan is to leave Earth/Mars defenseless. And send half your forces against two dreadnaughts that you can't defeat a single one of with your whole combined fleet?

Yikes.

&gt;ingh's implicit instructions are not to harm civilians, why Trejo can do w/e he wants, including killing civilians and destroying property. Regardless of how you spin it, that latter is exactly what Overstreet says they want to avoid - they don't want to create grudges, they don't want for the whole thing to be oppressive occupation at gunpoint.

You're totally missing the concept here. I'm not sure how this is so hard for you.

Trejo isn't killing *civilians* at gunpoint, he's defeating *armies* at gunpoint.

Singh isn't fighting *armies* he's fighting *civilians*.

You can kill armies, because that's how war works. You shouldn't kill civilians, because they are your subjects.

Massive fucking difference.

Honestly though based on your other comments I'm not going to bother continuing to argue with you.

I don't think you're really bright enough to *get it* and you seem to be pretty confused about the simple basic concepts being presented in the books. I'm not sure if it's reading comprehension or simple logic that's the issue, but a lot of these questions seem awfully stupid and ignorant of pretty simple ideas.

If the books aren't for you, I'm sure there are plenty of other novels out there that might be more suited to you. Cheers.
