&gt;A nation is a community of individuals held together by a common set of ideals, principles, and agreed upon universal rights, however the right to disagree with these rights and principles is de jure enshrined within them as the central piece of these rights and freedoms. Nationhood has nothing to do with race, ethnicity, religion, atheism, the language they speak, or "who isn't allowed" to live in a certain place.

This is precisely the New World and colonial approach to nationhood. From Canada to Argentina to Australia and New Zealand, this is how the settler societies define nationhood. Race, ideology, and religion don't matter, what matter is a commitment to an inclusive set of principles. This is American liberalism.

Old World liberalism has been shaped on hundreds of years of warfare, monarchy, feudalism, and later on socialism and communism. The French version of liberalism, indeed all Western/Northern European liberalism has embraced universal rights provided the fact that new arrivals respect the history and culture of those already living inside those societies. French has a commitment to universal rights and egalitarianism, but demands that new arrivals respect what has come before. This includes the fact that the French by in large have rejected religion as an organizing principle of their society, and therefore will not tolerate anyone placing their religious values before their commitment to the betterment of France. 

&gt;Who get's to determine this? You? The government? I assume a French person would rightfully call out McCarthyist ideas about what it means to be an American. Why is it only when I, an American, call out the illiberal nature of the modern French state am I a hypocrite? There isn't any inconsistency on my end. People should be free to believe what they want, period. Thought-policing is one short hop away from an authoritarian dictatorship.

The French people have decided this, not only in their rejection of the far-right in the election of the socialist Chirac and status quo Macron, but placed in the principles of every French Constitution written since 1789. You aren't being called a hypocrite. You're being called put for being narrow-minded and ignorant of the reality of how other people's countries are structured. 

We aren't talking about cramming the religious ethnostate down the throats of a free people. We are talking about keeping religion out of government, politics, and the very essence of a national identity. The French as a people through their elections of government officials have decided that the Muslims cannot have a greater loyalty to fundamentalist Islam than to universal rights and French democracy.
