Ya this is my general feel with the work after going through all the novels as well (Though more politely worded). The author really does have you get inside of the bastard that is Rudeus Greyrat. The books especially do not let you forget what he is and it's vomit inducing at times early on, but that's the important part. I've been watching anime for well over a decade now, and so often these works come from a place of apathy the fetishism on clear display but allowing people to just put it to the back of their head. Mushokue doesn't do that and makes us look right at his ugly side. Mushoku never really reachs say welcome to the NHK lvl of the exploration on the topic, but it's a fantasy and it doesn't need to. What struck me with the show right away though was how it near immediately paints him as a piece of shit as well as the constant monologue and always showing his true form in the void world. They really are doing as much as they can to avoid any sort of self insertion. This is very important with how the show often frames scenes to character through POV and subjective shot composition in combination with his monologue rather than omniscience objective composition. The message is rarely "this is how you should feel", but "this is how Rudeus feels" as I see it. It's a running motif that runs throughout the direction of the show. On a narrative level they also go out of their way to show the abuse of children is indeed a bad thing through a few of the characters. Ruijerd especially is the most unambiguously good character in the series and is a literally protector of children. Those who abuse children are then seen as villainous and scum. It's quite heavy handed in allot of ways. Rudeus is as he's been shown time and time again hypocritical and unaware of his own faults. Aisha from the most recent episode helped hammer that home further for viewers. That's personally how I see how they've handled the adaptation. 

Also as you said the scale of fiction Mushoku is rare. It's 26 books and 9X the page count of the lord of the rings. Like this first season if it was say part of a 90 min or so film would be equal to the first 18 ish minutes of run time. The author paces it how he wants it and that pace is slow and methodical with things foreshadowed 20+ books in advance sometimes. He really had it all planned out and he didn't waver in that pacing and I think the series is better for it personally. That being said it is an investment, and from the initial bit without hindsight I definitely understand why some people view it the way they do. It's hard to stomach early Rudeus even if you grow the appreciate how shitty he was in time. it's not a perfect series, but it's definitely one worth while all said in done that has had great impact on various creators throughout the years since its release.
