&gt; it's hard af but fun somehow

I'm 38 years old. I remember when the term "Nintendo Hard" meant something. 

Your son/daughter just gave the biggest stamp of approval for me that could ever be given to this game. No amount of advertising could come close to that endorsement. 

The idea of playing another game that's Nintendo Hard, is giving me flashbacks to playing Kid Icarus, Mike Tysons Punch out (fuck you Mr Sandman. You license agreement termination ripoff.), and TMNT. Days in the 1980s, being a kid, having all your friends over watching you play. The pressure of not fucking up the TMNT dam level, despite overwhelming evidence that it's impossible. 

Then one day, you beat it. You beat the dam level, and your friends are all sitting in your living room screaming their heads off. Your mom yelling at all of you as a group to keep it down. Completely unaware, and unable to comprehend what just happened in her living room. 

Or the time you FINALLY beat Mike Tyson, and everybody in the house went equally nuts. You'd faced him probably literally thousands of times. If you had a boxing record, you'd look like Glass Joe's little bitch. 1-1854 seems about right for my record. But nobody ever talks about the losses. They talk about how they were there, in my living room, the ONE time I beat Mike Tyson. Then the next day at school everybody who wasn't there refuses to believe it. You have like 10 kids saying they all saw it, and 20 more kids saying it's bullshit. 

I don't think that level of social community exists today. Not only because video games are way easier now, but also because even if you had a difficult one there would be nobody there to see it. Everybody stays at home, and talks on discord, and games from their own living room. The term "couch multiplayer" at this point is almost extinct. 

So now I sit here, with grey hair, a small balding spot in the back of my head, reading your 12 year old kid's description of the games difficulty, and thinking to myself "Oh Yes. James Rolfe gets it. There is zero chance that a retro gamer like him didn't explicitly make the games difficulty this hard." 

So now I shall be purchasing this game, and wondering if there's any way to reconnect with my neighborhood/school friends from 20+ years ago. I want them to all sit in my basement, and watch as I FINALLY overcome whatever this game's big moment is. 

I would say that they would then carry me on their shoulders, proclaiming me as their king, as they essentially crowd surf me to the local bar.........but I'm 300lbs these days. I don't expect them to lift me like that. 

But maybe they could get one of those chairs, that kings sit on, and then several servants carry as a mode of slow transportation? 

Ah, whatever. I can walk. Maybe they'll just buy me a bunch of beers.
