Not a parent, I'm actually the autistic child of people who think like this as well. I got diagnosed when I was about two years old and my parents were willing to put me in Special Education and all that, yeah, but to this day they're in denial of my autism.

Which is ridiculous on their end, because I'M AN *ADULT* NOW. They've had more than enough time to process! My childhood came and went and they still have not processed or accepted that I am autistic. I'm most likely going to have to get the diagnosis a second time and wave it in their face because when I was growing up, they shot me down every time I tried to open a dialogue about autism and the way they handle me. 

I see a lot of people saying that you may just need to give them time to process and accept it, but honestly that may not be an option. It sounds like they're ableist and ignorant of the condition and I know first-hand that this can keep up forever. Your best bet may be to read up on ASD yourself. Don't turn to things such as ABA Therapy or Autism Speaks which seek to repress the condition; there are PLENTY of autistic youtubers and activists on Instagram that can do wonders in teaching others about autism if you just... stop and hear them out :,)

I recommend Chloe Hayden's YouTube channel, personally. Or Paige Layle's! There's also @fidgets.and.fries on Instagram, who's probably my favorite autism activist of all time. There are books like The Reason I Jump written by actually autistic people that give great insight on what we are really like. Consume that kind of media yourself, and pass it on to them. Hopefully, they'll learn.

"Severe" autism has never really even been a thing, and the fact that they use that term shows how little they truly understand about it. No autistic person is more or less autistic because that's not really how it works. The "spectrum" in ASD doesn't work that way, you're either autistic or you're not: it works in the sense that every trait FROM your autism will have its own spectrum in how much it effects you. So "severely autistic" people are actually just, for example, severely sensitive to stimuli like noise and light and therefore suffer meltdowns really easily. They aren't actually any more autistic than someone like me who can handle that kind of thing just fine, because autism is a yes or no question. 

Anyway, education is key to acceptance. Don't feel bad if they reject your efforts to share your knowledge with them though, because that says a lot more about them and how they feel towards disability than it does about you. I learned that from my own parents.
