This sounds A LOT like a description of my friend's ex that I suspect is a narcissist. Maybe not a bad person, but quite a horrible partner (although divine at times, the mental effort it took to be in that relationship on other occasions was huge). Not necessarily (or fully) a narcissist, but often dismissive and oblivious to others' needs and wants if they don't match his. Also presents traces of gaslighting, even if unintentional. Definitely had issues he's not willing to acknowledge and work on. 

  
✓Dreams of being rich and *showers* his partner with love and gifts **but** gets angry and self righteous when he feels misunderstood, even if there's no need and you yourself are trying to solve the issue together with him.   
✓Has depression but doesn't seek help. In his case he was the kind of person that dreamed of the perfect partner that would understand him and love him nonetheless and eventually that would be the way he finds redemption. Took him years and a hard breakup and also many pushes and talks on the subject before the breakup for him to start going to therapy.   


He also had a lot of relationships that didn't work, with very little time between the end of one and the beginning of the other. History of cheating (he cheated and on other occasion he was also the person someone else cheated with. He was aware of what he was doing and the worst part is he also was friends with the guy that was cheated on). He couldn't stand to be alone without a girlfriend to support him emotionally and that he could lean on to solve his emotional issues and "be patient with him" when he was basically a nasty human being with no accountability whatsoever. Eventually all of them got sick of it so he's had a lot of troubled long-term relationships. His conclusion: "I wish to only remember the good parts". To me, that's lacking accountability and slightly delusional.   
✓Long and difficult conversations. They would only end if he wanted to, otherwise they were necessary for mutual understanding and because "that's how we learn stuff". It didn't matter that the subject was not relevant anymore or that the endless hours and arguments distressed other people because they got sick of it. It also often didn't matter if he was wrong and you showed him proof and sources for your arguments -  if he was not ready to let it go, then he'd keep bringing it up. And the worst part is he's often keep calm and feel superior to the other person if they got upset and lost their patience, even if they often rightfully did so.   
✓About friends and jealousy, he often wanted her to accompany him when he went to see his friends and vice-versa. He was also very jealous on her male friends. At some point he was so annoying when we were in a group that I started seeing her less because I couldn't tell her I disliked him (tried once) and didn't want him to come.   
✓Accuses you of being ignorant and selfish and not caring about his feeling while being blissfully unaware and uninterested in yours.   
He is also the kind of person that is desperate to feel needed or useful and often gives unsolicited advice or even "constructive criticism", while flawlessly ignoring his own issues and denying them when others bring them up.  
I'm saying all of this hoping that it could help you, maybe there is something that went unnoticed until now and my awfully long comment helps you see it. I also tried to show that this kind of person can be a type and unless you see that the change comes from the inside, I wouldn't hope for it.  
I don't think you should have a kid with him and I'm pretty sure it won't solve any of your problems. If anything they will add up... In my opinion it would be a huge disservice to all three of you. This doesn't even seem like an issue about having kids anymore to me, but rather about his need for control.   
I also can't help but think that some of the issues he's showing have been present for a while now and I sincerely hope you can emotionally detach yourself from him because from what he did lately he sounds like a really bad partner. Your friends and family probably might have seen some alarming things as well. My friend's relatives and buddies also tried to warn her for a while before she finally got tired of the relentless fights and "discussions". I don;t know how relevant this is but in the beginning I suspect she couldn't see the red flags as clearly as the rest of us because she has self-esteem issues.  
I'm glad to see you acknowledge the toxicity and I want to assure you that there is no reason for you to doubt yourself. He's done more than enough to prove he's not a good potential father for your kid.   
Also, refusing to consider you family (his *wife*, that he *married* willingly and aware of her opinion on kids) unless you give him a kid (inappropriate and abnormal request if he knew you're a fencesitter when he married you), being so adamant about the baby's sex (why, would he love the baby less were they not the "ideal" gender?) and accusing you of misleading him when he knew for *years* that he's in a committed relationship with a fencesitter, are huge red flags to me and honestly they slightly enrage me because they're  manipulative, whether he's aware of that or not. He could've given you an ultimatum or wait to make sure that you're convinced you want to be a mom (for all of your sakes) or simply resign himself.    


You don't deserve to *live the rest of your life* with a person that makes you doubt yourself so much, let alone tie yourself to him by bringing an innocent baby into the world with him. He doesn't seem to want what's good for you. I'm not saying he wishes bad things for you, but he doesn't actively care about your wellbeing and that's not a relationship anyone should settle for.   


Don't try to unsee what he's been showing you about himself because it would be easier, it will backfire later. Best of luck! sorry for the long post and if I can help you further, let me know.
