I just want to say that I’ve had similar feelings because this is and was a tragic event. I admire your empathy and compassion, BUT regardless of what his parents have done, who failed him, what mental health issues he had, he continuously had a choice . He chose the wrong path which lead to him murdering someone. There are plenty of people who are abused, assaulted , hurt, tortured throughout their lives and never go on to do what he did. No amount of abuse from others, society, etc can even justify what he had done. He didn’t want help. He was clearly self unaware and probably narcissistic . Read his Instagram. He spewed about caring about the world and not using plastic bottles, but assaulted his girlfriend and murdered her. The pain he felt? The only pain he felt was knowing that his life was ruined. He didn’t even think about hers because he murdered her , by strangulation. I personally don’t believe most abusers are able to be helped because they tend to be narcissistic and believe that they are justified in their abuse ; usually they believe everyone else is the problem , not them . I was in a DV situation and he had baggage growing up, but not to the extent I did , but he had severe anger issues that led to him busting my lip , bruising my arms, almost breaking my arm, etc. I felt bad for him although his upbringing was far better than mine and continuously tried to get him into therapy. He told me I was the problem, he didn’t have anger issues, I was the cause and when I was gone, he wouldn’t be angry anymore. Abusers have no accountability. If I had continuously had empathy, he would have killed me AND I did. Until I went to a therapy group thinking of how I was the cause of his rage and my therapist told me if I didn’t leave , he would kill me. It’s okay to feel bad about this situation and have empathy for both sides, but please don’t paint abusers to be these poor helpless people. That in itself is dangerous because  frequently they’ll use their past to get you to feel bad for them and accept them back. These people are manipulative, dark humans .
