For people asking how this could happen:

I have a friend who posed for Playboy in 2009. She doesn't have a very active social media presence, so she has a lot of problems with people taking her pictures and making fake scam accounts. She does, however, have a small fans Facebook page that she updates very sporadically. I'm an admin for her page, I mostly screen the PMs (SO MANY COCKS) to see which ones she needs to actually see and respond to, which are very, very few. In late 2016, the page got a message from a guy that claimed that he was in a relationship with her and was trying to contact her. Um, excuse me, I know her boyfriend, he's currently on Gears 4 with me, and it's not you. I send him a message.

The guy starts explaining how he's been in contact with her, totally fictitious backstory involving Nigeria (because of fucking course) and that he had left his family and had moved to be with her. Whoever actually was doing the scamming somehow got him to move 180 miles away from where she actually lived, blissfully unaware that he was actually that close. Red flags, set off, I want to just block him, she wants to help.

She kind of felt bad for him and messaged him privately, told them that he'd been scammed, offered to help him get back home but made sure he knew in no uncertain terms that she wasn't who he was talking to. She agreed to call him on my phone, which has a different area code from the one she lives in. The guy went *nuts*. As in batshit insane, not nuts. The guy was in his 50s, had been a preacher, LEFT HIS WIFE FOR AN E-GIRL and was going off on her, blaming her for tempting him. Here's one of the last messages he sent:

&gt;I fell in love with a woman I'll probably not ever see face to face, hold her hand, gaze into her eyes and tell her I love her. It's all been for nought. I have never loved like I had until I was introduced to someone posing as [redacted]. I wish I could have loved [redacted] and been loved by her during the past year. I guess I'll never know [redacted] like I imagined. [redacted] is a beautiful woman but she is glorifying the flesh while inwardly she is being corrupted and she isn't even aware or she doesn't care. I prayed a prayer for you this morning [redacted]. I prayed God would protect you from harm and evil. Remember we are free will agents in this life but remember also the choices we make have consequences and I pray that sinks in and turns you around to glorify God by honoring Him instead of your sitting on the throne of your heart. Allow Christ to sit on that throne [redacted] and see how your life turns around for better. You're young and unaware of what you are doing as far as the consequences of what you are doing goes. You're like a siren in Ulysses luring men and women into danger and you're not even aware. I pray it's because you're unaware and not because you don't care. God would that you became His child and allow Him to prepare you for ministry to rescue other women caught up in pornography. Get off the dragon an allow God to remove the noose from around your neck that you allowed the enemy of your soul  to hold you there where you are spiritually. I love you [redacted] so much and I wouldn't share this with you if I didn't care so deeply for you. Would your friends do as much for you? You need to know the Truth [redacted] and I'm afraid you only think you know the truth. You're being led astray as you have over the last what? Ten years or better? Check out [redacted website] and get free from your addiction. I know because I became addicted to pornography since this all started and I'm fighting the battle of my life in every area of my life. Do it for yourself, do it for your son! Will you put your son's soul in danger by ignoring what the Spirit of God is telling you? Please [redacted] heed what I'm sharing with you! It's not for my benefit I'm sharing this with you - it's for yours and your son's! This may be the last time we communicate but I'm always available for you to instruct you, to teach you the ways of God. Your friends will encourage you to ignore what I'm saying because they don't want to let you go - that's Satan's noose around your neck keeping you where you are! Cut that rope! Draw near to God and He will draw near to you! How many times do I have to tell you I love you before it sinks in that I really and truly do love you [redacted]?! My love for you is forever!
