Preorders are basically an indication of demand and therefore revenue. I preorder the big games I guess less because I want to play on launch (tried that with WoW once and my laptop almost melted; the next time I did that with an expac I installed it at launch then allowed it a few days to calm TF down and enjoyed it at my leisure.

I do actually also want to show my interest in a franchise. Devs have to work with what's possible given the corporate logistics of creating a game and the difficulties of gaming communities being up in arms about everything, trivial or not. They can't go on forever polishing a game because they still need to release something to have a revenue stream (which in all probability lies behind the GTA re-releases). While there is definitely awfulness about, the majority of games probably launch with no issues and fulfil expectations. But I wonder where we become our own worst enemies -- where our demands for super-awesome original content right now may be making us look silly and demanding and ignorant of corporate and development realities. 

The more we demand not just good games but complain about 'omg same old same old Ubisoft shit'...the more we look like we have no clue how an industry as complex as gaming runs. It's like in the days of CDs when people complained about paying £15.00 for a disc that cost 10p to make...yeah, if you want a blank disc, pay 10p. Or like how, in my healthcare admin job, people complain about red tape and bureaucracy and only ever want to pay (in taxes because public healthcare) doctors and nurses without realising those doctors and nurses need a vast army behind them to support their work. Or how people complain about Big Pharma when developing new drugs is ludicrously expensive and a dead end 9 times out of 10. Before you start ranting, think of not only the complexity of the infrastructure but also that if you contribute to the stress and overload on devs themselves, you're not going to help that process along.

If you want everyone involved in the game production industry to get paid and be able to invest in new content and somewhere to buy those games and something to play them on (because without game sales your PS5 would cost more than even the worst scalpers are selling it for...)...Jeeze. It's so infinitely more complicated than people think, yet the loudest voices are the most ignorant at times.
