When I was growing up, one of the things that I recognized that I had a deep desire to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and myself.

While I was growing up, one of the things that I recognized is that it was really important to me to feel good and not feel bad. And it's important for me to look good and not look bad. And it's important for me to be considered wise and aware. Cuz I really bad don't want to be unwise and unaware. I'm convinced that someday I'm going to do something really stupid and it's going to kill me.

I recognize these three very important desires is being all based in a survival strategy. As long as I'm not feeling bad, looking bad or being unwise and unaware, I know that I'm going to feel good and safe and I'm going to stay alive.

Later on I started to recognize that there are certain things I could think about. Certain thought patterns. And certain ways of behaving that had the ability to hinder, limit or eliminate my ability to walk in the type of freedom I mentioned at the beginning.

I even figured out that there are certain thoughts, thought patterns and behaviors that I could engage in that could either, make me feel bad, look bad and be unwise and unaware. Or could help me feel good, look good and be wiser and more aware.

And I got that life, with all these variables could be complicated. But even recognizing that it was complicated, was a thought as well as a thought pattern, that actually was a self-fulfilling prophecy. In other words the more complicated I thought life was, the more complicated it seemed to be. And the whole time I was just wanting to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and myself. And then I started seeing that I was getting in my own way for being able to enjoy that freedom. And then because I was feeling bad about one thing, I would try to feel good in another way. And too often I saw that whenever I tried to feel good in another way, just trying to overcome feeling bad about something, I usually ended up making more mistakes than solving problems.

Now here's why I said all this...

Everything that I just mentioned is talked about in Scripture.

My desire to experience the freedom to cause and create something wonderful for others and myself, scripture lets us know that this desire comes straight from the Holy Spirit. It's given to you just like your eye color is given to you and your height is given to you. And your parents are giving to you. This desire comes directly from God himself.

And it turns out that the desire to stay away from feeling bad looking bad and being considered unwise and unaware, that is a survival strategy. Tied directly to our physical body. In scripture this is known as the flesh. And in Scripture, or informed that it is this part of us that can get in the way of us being able to enjoy the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and ourselves.

And it turns out those thought patterns, those thoughts and those things that we do, those are the things they get in the way of us enjoying the freedom I keep talking about. And in Scripture, it gives us ideas on how to overcome these types of thoughts and these types of actions they get in our way.

The lessons that are available to us start in Genesis chapter 3. And they run through the entire New Testament. And scripture calls them instructions in righteousness. If it had a different name, it could be called instructions on how to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people and yourself.

A lot of people view scripture as a book of what they have to do and what they're not allowed to do. I don't look at scripture that way at all. Not even a little bit.

I like a scripture as being an instruction manual on how to live my life so that my thoughts, my thought patterns and the things I do with my body, constantly support my desire to experience the freedom to cause and create wonderful things for other people than myself.

That's the tip of the iceberg. I've never found any other type of writing, sacred or otherwise, they gave me such clear instructions on how to live a life where I am not subject to the circumstances in the situations that life can throw at me. Which means, I get to walk in what I consider to be a pretty high level of freedom. Of course I recognize that there's higher levels of freedom that I'll never be able to walk in. But it turns out that I'm pretty happy with the level of freedom I get to enjoy.

I've been enjoying this kind of freedom for 25 of my 60 years. My only wish, is I wish I'd been able to start sooner.

As a side thought....

Science is the study of the stuff that surrounds us. What I have found in Scripture, is an instruction manual that allows me to experience the freedom that I really want to experience no matter what my surroundings are.
