&gt; You keep attacking me but it's clear you're not realizing that you don't get to just go into a dangerous situation

Why not? We aren't that tyrannical yet. People can still cross state lines freely... I get you want to end that, but it's not ended yet.

&gt;  brandish an Assault rifle

That wasn't an assault rifle you nitwit.

&gt; kill someone, and experience no consequences when your mindset is clearly for confrontation and you've expressed wanting to kill looters or whatever. 

First of all, he experienced consequences. Being charged and caught up in a legal battle for a year or so is definitely a consequence.

Second, it was self defense. I don't get how you don't understand that. Nothing before mattered. What mattered was at that moment, he was acting in self defense. It is on video. You're arguing with video.

&gt; when your mindset is clearly for confrontation and you've expressed wanting to kill looters or whatever. 

The idea that anybody carrying a gun is looking for confrontation is just idiotic and ignorant. THat comes from you being ignorant and not understand the role guns play.

And I think you are talking about the video. There's nothing there that indicates he wanted to kill looters. And I believe that was actually an armed robbery. Fuck him for wanting to stop that. He should just let the police take care of it...

&gt; Like if I bring a gun into the lion's den and, wow, wouldn't you know it, I kill a lion...I carry blame for going into the lion's den in the first place, especially if the week before I talk about how much I want to kill a lion.

Ah, one of those people. *The criminals are the real kings*. The rioters, the looters, the arsonists. Noble beasts are they. Don't fuck with them. They are in charge. Got it. They took over Kenosha and it belonged to them. Now I know who I'm talking to. Kyle should have known his place. I should know my place.

But, seriously, that analogy is horrible. You are demonstrably mentally deficient in some way if you think that analogy is actually effective. I know that sounds like an insult. It's not. You should be concerned about this or at least realize you need to rethink it. If you don't see the problem with it then you should seriously consider talking to a professional of some kind.
