&gt; I'm aware the change is hard. Hell I used to be just like you

I already know this is going to be bullshit before reading any of this. This is how an "ex-gay" or "ex-atheist" talks. Change isn't hard. I'm unwilling. Period. 

You reason like this because this is how vegan propoganda is reasoned to you. 

Now on to the rest of this disaster...

&gt; It is helping with alternatives

No its not. Consumption is still growing with population. You are not decreasing emissions. You are merely taking advantage of a crisis to gain converts. 

&gt; look at the milk aisle at your grocery store. It's shrinking

Its not. This is a person anecdote. 

&gt; Abstaining from an unethical practice isn't even morally virtuous, it's just the floor. 

This means nothing. And no drinking milk and eating meat is not unethical. You're merely claiming that it is because you can't reason that it is without pandering it like a cult believer. We are biologically adapted to subsist on meat. Its responsible for the rapid growth of the human brain ever since homo erectus transitioned to large game almost 3 million years ago. And its responsible for our population explosion during and following the neolithic period and every period since. Even the population of the US has beef to thank for that. 

Claiming that killing for food is unethical is history blind and ignorant of evolution and biology. You are merely drawing an arbitrary line in the sand based on pseudointellectualism and anthropomorphism. One that the vast majority of the world actively disagrees with you on. So no, you have zero legs to stand on for an argument about morality. 

&gt; I don't even particularly like animals, cute or otherwise. 

I'm not surprised the vegan idealist has no real world experience. I used to raise animals. 

&gt;  I just don't want to throw them into a meat grinder alive, they deserve better than that. 

Wants and opinions should be based on reasons. Not appeals because "meat grinder alive" has a perceived negative connotation. That doesn't constitute an argument. Its an appeal. 

&gt; Slavery, clan warfare, women not having say in society, children working and being beaten are all ancient cultural practices that have survived for hundreds if not thousands of years. 

Those are all human rights issues. Humans are not animals. You can not apply human ideals to animals that can not uphold those ideals themselves. Animals can't make agreements. They can't obey laws. Nor should there be laws prohibiting human beings from a biological need. Which yes meat is. You can choose to subsist on other stuff. But so can other people. You don't get to decide what they need and what they don't. They do. 

The world will never convert to veganism. Its not better. Its not healthier. Meat objectively tastes better because we're adapted to it. And when we have lab grown meat is will be the more efficient and nutrient dense food stuff available to us. 

Most of your points are just deflection and appeals btw. You're not making affirmative claims or adding to the conversation. You're giving me your opinion as if that enough is good reason to believe. That's what gossip is. You need to base your beliefs on a standard of evidence. You can't expect to come to accurate conclusion if you standard is some unquantifiable, unspoken, subjective feeling. 

&gt; The opposite in fact, it's non-human animals that you're showing blatant disregard for. 

No. Not blatant disregard. Nature. Human beings aren't disregarding animals when they eat them. They're eating them. That's normal behavior. Other animals do the exact same thing. 

&gt; Again, I don't care about culture when it stacks up against ethics.

There is no basis for your ethics. You're not supporting your views. You're just gossiping.

&gt; Populations have depended on sacking and looting villages, I don't think that's a cultural practice that outweighs it's harm. 

Populations depended on leather for water proof boots so people wouldn't get food rot. They depended on wool and furs so they wouldn't freeze to death in the winter. Yes the benefits outweigh the harms. We're alive. We're here because of those practices. 

&gt; This is anti-scientific garbage 

What a stupid statement in the face of actual facts. It is scientific fact. Not the game of opposites you vegans play. 

&gt;  I would be willing to bet huge sums of money that the vast majority of neurologists would strongly disagree with this characterization.

I'm guessing you're not rich. Single celled choanoflagellates, the last single celled ancestor of all animals, relied on dopamine and GABA signalling to organize into colonies, and ultimately into multicellular organisms. Neurons only specialize in what all cells have been doing for almost a billion years. Well before the evolution of neurons. 

In fact, comparative studies between mammals and flies with alcohol, and humans and octopodes with ecstacy show remarkable similarities in effects and brain chemistry despite having a completely separate origin for the brain. The brain is not the origin of intelligence. The cell is. And even though plants are sessile, so were sea squirts, the ancestors of chordates and ultimately fish. Organisms evolve back and forth between mobile and sessile lifestyles. The fact that it doesn't move does not mean it doesn't panic. It does, plants panic when it rains and studies on anaesthesia show they respond the same way to suppressing GABA that animals do. The smell of cut grass is also plants communicating the presence of predators. Venus fly traps use a similar calcium channel that we do in our brain to decide whether or not to move. And studies show that rather than being reflexive, that this mechanism actually acts like memory. The plant decides to close only after its sensory hairs get pinged 2 or 3 times over a span of 30 seconds. It remembers and potentially has a rudimentary capacity to count. 

The point is the intelligence is not unique to animals. Its ubiquitous  to life. Since celled organisms can easily be shown to exhibit complex behavior. Its utter hubris to think that starts with animals because you relate to them and think they're cute. Pure anthropocentrism. And then to take your mental simplicity and apply it to real life in an effort to shame people to convert to your belief system is disgusting and deplorable. Especially at the expense of the health of other people. "Studies say you can be healthy on a vegan diet," but serostudies still show that vegans are more likely to struggle with Calcium, Iron and Vitamin D deficiencies, increased risk of infertility and increased likelihood to break bones. Clearly not all of you vegans is getting the message. 

Even the stated "i would be willing to bet" is so objectively stupid. So you don't know? That's what you're saying? You'd just like to believe? Whatever satisfies your narrative, I guess. /s

Case and point that you're cherry picking the evidence to come to the conclusions you want and not coming to conclusions based on evidence. 

&gt; Plants don't feel pain, period. 

Yes they do. How dare you claim this at face value when you don't know. You don't even care. This has to be the case for your belief to work. But the fact is its not true. Its a 19th century generalization, like christians citing neoplatonism to justify the existance of their god. A long debunked philosophy that we have better explains for now. 

&gt;  "Sharing neurotransmitters" is not a meaningful statement, however dubious. 

It means they feel excitement (dopamine), comfort (GABA), anxiety (glutamate), which is tied into the inflammatory response btw and is about a billion years old and shared across pretty much all eukaryotes, as well as serotonin. Yes that's right. Even plants have serotonin. Their serotinergic circuit for sensing sunlight is the same type of serotinergic circuit in animals for perceiving hunger. They grow towards sunlight because it feels good in the same way that eating food makes you and me feel good. You only don't know this stuff because you're not aware of the actual science. There is no line between plant and animal consciousness. Its a gradient. And there is no state of complete unconsciousness, not even in the smallest single celled bacteria. 

&gt; fervently anti-vegan

You probably just needed a cause. Unlike you I have reasons based on evidence. And an actual knowledge of evolutionary biology, genetics and biochemistry. 

&gt; It was impossible, unreasonable. But 

And every other emotional connotation, I'm sure. /s You really don't know how to give reasons, do you. These are qualifiers. They only describe your interpretation. They don't convey information about real events. 

You've given me no reason to change my mind, nor would I. You'd have to outcompete a lifetime of education in science to convince me. Which is clearly not your strong suit.

And you didn't used to be like me. You're not smart enough to ever have been me. Save your false equivalency for bible studies.
