&gt;how is a man going to know about those things unless he meets and speaks with a variety of women from different walks of life? You've argued   
against yourself there.

I see no contradiction. An author can write about something that they are completely unfamiliar and ignorant of. In fact, that can make for very interesting storytelling. You can write a story that's bizarre, detached, unrelatable and it still can be a good story. You're narrowing the possibility of writing into something that can only be done from a place of personal experience and familiarity, and that's certainly a good way of writing, but not the only way of writing.

And speaking of lived experience, it's impossible to argue with this expanded definition that you're presenting, which ranges from either the very personal and autobiographical, or coming from deep research, all the way over to the vaguest sense of shared humanity. Well, to the latter, everyone has "experience" in some capacity, and so anyone can write from their "experience", effectively rendering any discussion on the subject completely moot. So of course what I'm arguing against is that the former is a necessary condition to write a good story.

The point is that you don't have to have lived experience on a subject to write about it. Like you said, your grand story can be about themes or ideas over which the plot is just a tool to make a point. Or your story can exactly explore unfamiliarity. In this sense, writing from deep research into womanhood as a man can be just an interesting starting point as writing from an absolute refusal to know or learn anything about women and making stuff up completely from imagination. 

Finally, and just a caveat with your take on fantasy writing, yes authors attempt (with varying degrees of success) to tackle big questions from the standpoint of a made-up world. But so are the intricate systems of magic, the bizarre made-up cultures and creatures, and so on, and I disagree that these are subsidiary.
