&gt;i am at the very start. will it be better if i take my hormones orally for the sake of having a stable base of estrogen in my blood, and then maybe after 3 months going back to sublingual?

this is a simple one. what did your doctor tell you to do? probably not the best time to overanalyze or second guess things because you have no clue at 5 days how your body is going to respond to hormones as they've been prescribed to you.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;i’ve heard sublingually the hormone doesnt last in the blood for long (6-8 hours in comparison to 12-16 with oral). i’ve been taking my hormones 12 hours apart as that’s what my doctor told me to (she doesn’t know i do the sublingual method). what should i do?

"last in the blood" is highly subjective and ignorant of the metabolites of estradiol and first pass metabolism. even taking estradiol orally (not sublingually), it will often get converted into estrone and then estrone sulfate, at which point it serves as a reserve to get converted back into estradiol.

the kicker is that this conversion process is all highly dependent on your enzyme expression. some people have amazing levels on oral estradiol and don't need to do anything more complicated, while others will have really high estrone conversion with much less conversion back to estradiol meaning their receptors get flooded with estrone or nothing at all causing much less feminizing effects.

you don't have any lab results to give an opinion on, and you're way too early on hormones to be worrying about levels and conversions, etc.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;
also, when do you guys notice any changes? so far i’ve only noticed extreme tiredness &amp; headaches :(

first. i'm a girl. on estradiol based HRT. guys typically take testosterone. say whatever you want about the use of the word, but you have to consider that not everyone grew up in the same part of the world with you with the same euphemisms. words do matter sometimes.

secondly, it's been 5 days. chill out and enjoy the ride. it'll take months, more than likely, before you see anything that other people will notice. you may notice changes in your skin and body odor before you notice any kind of breast growth, etc. you have the rest of your life to go, and you're not going to have C cup breasts in 5 days. sorry, but it's the facts of life.
