You keep coming up with more and more straw man arguments. The shit this man listed on his post isn’t safe and healthy and it most definitely comes from a place of wanting to degrade and hurt women. You can’t even pretend it’s healthy or not harmful and even though you’re trying to manipulate people into supporting this crap, i’m sure you’re completely aware this stuff is degrading and harmful to women.

It’s not that hard to understand, I think less of people who hit others but i’m not gonna think less of someone solely because their partner hits them. The action of hitting your partner vs receiving an action both come from different places, there’s no reason why I should view them as the same except maybe to make people like you feel more comfortable.

If someone idea of being a “switch” involves being violent to their partner, I don’t respect their actions either. Not sure what you don’t understand. In a situation where someone is beating or degrading another, they are responsible for their own action, they decided to do it.

I know women consume pornography although it is not at roughly equal rates and it’s also fairly recent that more women started consuming porn. I never stated it was just for men, most of it is designed for men though, and made by men who know what other men want to see.

I never mentioned coal-miners specifically this is just you choosing to only bring up one specific example despite there being loads of forms of manual labour. Regardless, coal miners don’t get beaten and degraded on camera as some porn stars do, nor do they have their insides exposed to other people’s bodily fluids so it’s not gonna be an equivalent to what porn stars go through even if you think it’s worse. It is not the same thing.

Someone can choose to become a porn star (many people who do are young and unaware of the reality of the industry) and still be a victim of something that was done to them on set. Many porn videos are not fully consensual, people are pressured to do stuff when they don’t want to too. Also, some manual labour jobs are not available for everyone, many people wouldn’t be able to physically do them yet can still do porn so I’m not sure why you think this is a good argument.

Most women who are porn starts are not earning a lot of money, porn is also a lot more than just undressing for camera. You seem like you watch it so surely you know that. Reading the types of porn this man listed in his post and reducing it to  having to “undress for camera” is disingenuous. You know damn well most porn actors are being on the receiving end of acts (such as ones listed by op), not just undressing.

You’re not gonna get anywhere by trying to convince me men who get off on hitting women fully respect them. Sound more like you’re tryna convince yourself at this point. I used to be someone who supported bdsm and all this crap, I know why I changed my mind and i’m not going back to supporting it at all.

I never used the word “villain” lmfao. The word misogynist is enough. If you enjoy calling women misogynistic slurs, yes you’re a misogynist. Why should I have to act delusional and wear down on my own conscience as well as literal common sense for the sake of making men who call women misogynistic slurs feel better about theirselves? I’m gonna keep believing men who enjoy misogyny are misogynists, get over it. 

It’s actually laughable that you think the “comforting lie” is me believing men who enjoy misogyny are misogynistic. It is blatantly the other way round. Denying the reality of these men’s actions and pretending the men who wanted to hurt and degrade me still respected me was definitely more comfortable, actually. Do you think women enjoy being aware of the reality of all the depraved and misogynistic shit more and more men are increasingly enjoying doing to women? It’s not comfortable at all. 

I don’t care about the UK buying more sex toys? I didn’t think all sex toys were associated with kink anyway and a lot of people were probably buying them for theirselves. There’s many sex toys that are completely unrelated to bdsm so why should this be relevant? Or is it because you think i’m against sex and masturbation lmao.

Besides, in a generation full of people who grew up watching porn where other humans are degraded and beaten, yes obviously the “stigma” fades fast. I am completely aware of that. Not sure why you think I would be unaware of how mainstream bdsm and violent kinks have become, it’s everywhere ffs.
