Remember when you're team launched a political campaign about how bad benghazi was because a handful of Americans died and then turned around and fully supported Trump purposefully dismantling the pandemic response team followed by Trump blatantly lying about a worldwide pandemic causing the death of nearly a million Americans? 

Oh almost forgot how Trump also took credit for the global cooperation for the vaccine (a vaccine which is based off research started nearly a decade ago, hence why it was so close to completion for a novel coronavirus already) while also attempting to buy out foreign companies and privatize the vaccine for his personal financial benefit. 

Oh also almost forgot that time one specific political sports team threw a fit about Hillary having poor cyber security etiquette with how she managed her emails and servers but fully supported Trump literally colluding with Russia and also literally blackmailing a foreign country to do his political bidding by withholding aid (something he admitted to in a phone call that everyone heard but for some reason didn't care about) 

Yeah Clinton corrupt tho. 

Democrats and Republicans have a bipartisan supportive stance of maintaining military action all over the world because the military industrial complex pays for the majority of these politicians. Saying Hillary would have a worse stance on war stuff than any other politician is irrelevant and ignorant of the driving force on American policy. 

Remember when George Bush lied about who caused 9/11 to the world as justification for war against a word (terror)? Yeah both sides agreed on that, if you go back and look ANY dissenting opinion or outlier in that time period is simply gone from the political stage now. They were blacklisted and fired or removed from whatever positions they held, meanwhile the mostly Saudi Arabian hijackers got tied to Afghanistan. Also don't look into how in the few days post 9/11 all the Saudi connections in America where quietly removed back to the safety of their country, just in case. 

The patriot act is literally one of the most authoritarian things you can do, it's a complete and total removal of American rights AND human rights as long as the people who are removing those rights from you call you a terrorist, again mostly bipartisan support. 

Obama started a drone warfare program leading to America literally assassinating people at will and no one disapproved, again bipartisan support. 


See, the problem is that some of us who are more left, or even very left, generally are able to look at bad things done by politicians on "our" (although every American politican is far right by default, and democrats are just far right but maybe just a tiny left of that) side and say "this is fucking bad shit, we should change stuff" yet the other team just wants to be a winner and cares more about fostering a sence of safety in their minds than actual reality. 

Trump was the worst option of the avaliable options, he did bad things (worse than Hillary did, objectively, unless you don't value human life or ethical representation of the people), but Hillary is not a good choice. Biden is a bad choice (aka MR racist crime act). 

The problem is, in order to even GET the option for better choices in politicians MORE people need to be educated and WANT the necessary changes, not just some of the more left sided people. But we don't have that, we have a large percentage of the population unwilling to ever denounce a single act from a politician on their side no matter how abhorrent, and instead of advocating for the betterment of everyone in the country operate on a "I got mine fuck you" mentality mixed with a "I BELIEVE  I'm right regardless of facts and evidence and I REFUSE to incorporate new information into my beliefs". 

Hence we get Trump. 

Hence we get you, actually arguing about the NOT PRESIDENT based on the NON ACTIONS SHE TOOK in a hypothetical NON EXISTANT REALITY instead of going "oh shit Trump was bad, let's maybe just say he was bad and move on and maybe make a better choice"
