&gt; A curious take, considering this decision to be perfectly reasonable - a grown adult consciously waiting five years for a thirteen-year-old to become eighteen. That would strike the law as a bit curious, if not outright disturbing. Grooming is not inherently sexual in nature - it can be romantic, social, anything that gears a child up to follow a certain agenda or life path. I do agree that it is quite easy to see it as grooming, as you stated.

I said the logic behind it is sound in the moment, but when you look to the situation as a whole, then it becomes a lot more concerning. That being said, the definition of grooming is to prime the child in advance of committing a sexual offence. That is the definition, I would ask what definition you are using. According to the legal definition, this did not occur. But it is still a bit eyebrow-raising, to be sure, and definitely a misstep.

&gt; I don’t believe mental illness is a valid defense for this kind of behavior. I see and understand that you have Asperger’s, that Jonochrome is on the autism spectrum, but pedophilia in itself is a separate mental illness - or, if you wish to argue that it is not in fact pedophilia, an attraction to those young enough to be subservient, to be controlled into becoming a lover. Either way, it is wrong, and these illnesses do not stack; one does not excuse another. 

I do not believe Jonochrome to be a paedophile whatsoever. Paedophilia is the sexual attraction to minors, period. Jono has made it clear, the attraction was purely due to meshing personalities. This was not an IRL meeting, there was no physical aspect to the situation whatsoever.

That being said, I do 100% chalk it to aspergers because I can see the reasoning myself, and it is typical for someone with aspergers, when faced with an in-the-moment issue, to find solutions that seem perfectly rational, but are blinkered.

As for control, Jono made it clear, he did not desire any control over them, and said they'd understand if they wished to date someone else. The issue really is that his influence as a developer probably gave him that power which he explicitly tried to not have over them.

&gt; Consider again - nothing sexual would be pursued until she was an adult. He openly admitted that he has had romantic moments with her throughout the years, and trying to fall in love with her - or, perhaps, feeding into her advances - is a highly questionable decision.

Highly questionable, yes. But the scenario has played out, and from the ending we know, Jono had no intent to go sexual. If we were in the midst of this scenario, we would have a far more concerning  situation. As it is, it ended with no sexual offences whatsoever. Jonochrome was telling the truth, he planned to wait until they were older before even considering that sort of relationship.

&gt; I understand that it is hard to find the afflicted’s side of this issue, as the account in question has been purged, I believe Jonochrome himself has mentioned this fact in one of his Twitlonger posts, noting how the afflicted broke communication with him because she could not explore any other opportunities for relationships, as she felt like she was basically ensnared by Jonochrome, a man several years her senior.

This was a self-imposed feeling, as she also stated. It was not Jono's intention. It is certainly an element of not understanding one's own fame, and how it influences others. many have fallen foul of that, and it strikes me as unsurprising Jono did as well. It was for sure a misstep on his part yet again, but I cannot see any malice or intent.

&gt; I hope this has been enlightening, and that you will understand the reason for all of this vitriol toward Jonochrome. I know what he supplied for his FNaFLore page - it’s a shame he’s turned out like this. 

Oh, I understand the vitriol. some are disgusted and don't wish to hear it, some want to just cancel him, and some are morally repulsed at the entire situation, even after hearing it out. I can fully understand. But I feel the labels being thrown around are far too harsh.

Jonochrome is not sexually attracted to kids. He felt his personality meshed with someone who was a minor, and was happy to wait until they were older before pursuing a relationship. In isolation, it could be seen as a perfectly reasonable and understandable situation. Which again, is a big aspect of Aspergers, the inability to see beyond isolation of the scenario presented.

As for grooming, grooming is to prime a child in order to commit a sexual offence. that's the definition, and that is not what occurred here.

I fully, fully understand the situation. it is terrible, and a massive blunder on Jono's part. But I just don't see the malice and intent.

Call him out for his obliviousness to the situation, call it out as stupid, concerning, reckless and ignorant of the situation he was in, but I just don't see the malice or intent - both of which are needed for either charge. But certainly, it was sketchy, I can easily see that. It also most certainly wasn't correct or good.

But if I were in his position, I could see myself make the same deal. I'm just thankful, as I only look up in age for reasons likely not appropriate in this subreddit, this kind of misstep is not one I will ever make. but I can damn well see some alternate Kizz doing the same, with the same blinkered vision that'd make me blind to the wider implications of waiting.
