Nope, just by getting a look at the comments on this thread answers the question : people are basically unaware and uninterested, they already gave up their "democracy" and watching its true last moments doesn't even get to them.
I'm from France and most people here dont give a shit about their country slipping deeper into totalitarism. They already gave up everything (their rights, their freedom of movement, their physical integrity, their confidential medical information, etc.) because they basically don't see the value in any of these things.
They have the internet and home delivered meals, why would they want anything else ? Why would they care about anything else ? 
2 days ago, the Swiss people voted a referendum about getting the country into a state of emergency (gives way more power and freedom to do what they want with no repercussion and less responsibility to the government) that would last 20 years. Swiss is the only country where this happened, the only one that worked as democracy was meant to work, the only one to ask its citizens their opinion and include them in the making of such an important decsion. This vote was a tremendous symbol. They voted yes to a 20 year long state of emergency. The people had to choose : play the pandemic game (which does 2 major things : - getting huge companies and lobbies richer/getting small businesses poorer, and - making the citizens more and more submissive, dependant and obedient to big dominator lobbies), or walk away from all the nonsense that governments and medias have been serving us non-stop since covid is a "thing".
All over Europe absolutely massive protests are happening, in Australia, they are happening, in America, they are happening, but since the media and big techs (the 2 major sources of information) are barely touching these subjects, and mostly doing so in a negative light when they do, most people who 'passively' get their info have no clue about whats really happening.
It has always been like that anyway, nothing new under the sun : the major medias are extremely selective in their subjects and work together as to give one singular narrative that will guide the most of the consumer-population into the hypnotic state of total physical submission and mental subversion to the governments and the companies that sponsor them.
We totally get what we deserve.
