I’m 28.

 Four, and none of them necessarily healthy or done “right”. A lot of codependency. 

First one, I was 17 and he was 25 (yeah I know). First real relationship and an Absolutely horrible one, was living together by 18, I dropped out of university in my second year despite having a full scholarship, was on horrible grounds with my parents. Took until 20 and moving cities to leave him for good. Took until 24 or 25 to truly reconnect with my parents. Still have residual trauma and weird assumptions/defence mechanisms when I start seeing someone new because of this guy. 

Second one started around 21. I was a mess from the first one and had seen/dated/slept around a ton in between. We met as roommates when I moved in via a mutual friend, so were living together from the start. That one lasted 3.5 years. He was really sweet and supportive (and PATIENT goodness, I put him through a lot after how I became from the first one) but my standards were unreasonably low and I knew we wouldn’t be compatible long term.

Next was also 3 years and a few months. Started around 25 years old. Again, had a couple less serious relationships or hookups in between. Broke up with him in May but knew we weren’t compatible for like a year before I pulled the plug. Again, lovely person, but we ended up long-distance and neither of us wanted to move or compromise. I grew a lot with him though, got back into school, moved to Vancouver and am grateful for everything. Still feel guilt for leaving him and think about that often.

So that was May.

Met the next one in June after a few other tinder dates. Didn’t mean to get into something serious, was looking to enjoy some single time to grow but we clicked. We’ve been dating 5 months. He’s from India and I’m Canadian - he’s living here now as an international student w the intention of permanent residency. His post-degree diploma ends in December then he’ll apply for his work permit. I’m sure you can imagine the complications. His family knows he has a Canadian girlfriend and tolerate it but don’t support it. My family thinks he’s trying to get a free pass into Canada (yes they are racist and unaware of just how racist they are, in multiple other ways as well). But he has been good for me so far. He actually makes me TALK about things and face my residual trauma-related behaviours, which has been tough but so good.

So, four serious relationships. All very different and frankly, looking back, defining points in my life and how I grew.
