I mean I've heard plenty of people complain about how the dragons are written, especially in the third movie and the shows.

Dagur to many is just not funny and a vessel for the writers to do as many twists and turns as they want cause "he's crazy haha"

Heather to many (and this one includes myself) is just so boring. There's nothing really original about her character and screams of a more angsty Astrid clone that was originally made as a weird love interest for Hiccup despite everyone knowing he'd end up with Astrid.

I don't hate Astrid, but the way her character is written is more inconsistent than Toothless's eye color in RTTE. 

In HTTYD 1 she's this tough, dury driven and smart viking warrior that doesn't really care about emotional things. But her turn is too quick for me and she delivers the worst line of the movie: "Figure out what side you're on." 

The line makes no sense given the context and from Astrid's POV it's literally a line written for the audience. 

In GOTNF she's uncharacteristically cheery, feminine and emotionally. Nowhere else does she care so much about other people's feelings and it's really strange. She's also extremely unaware and incapable which is just... not Astrid.

In HTTYD2 she's a walking exposition telling people what's happening what they should do. And she's extremely dumb. Her logic to finding Eret and going to Drago instead of idk tracking Hiccup and Stoick down is really flawed. She also strangely refuses direct orders from Stoick which seems strange given her previously established sense of duty and responsibility. Astrid's idiocy in the second movie is also directly the cause of Drago attacking the nest when he did (which was the worst time possible) and Berk. She INFORMED Drago that Berk had gotten involved, that Hiccup rode dragons, and that he had a Night Fury (Not to mention she got them all captured by going there in the first place).

In THW Astrid's arguably at her strongest in terms of writing. Good combination of strong, and dury driven, but you see she has mellowed down due to being with Hiccup. She's never really incompetent but I do question why she tried to convince Hiccup Toothless wouldn't return to HIS OWN NEST after he left to find the LF.

Overall plenty of reasons why some might hate those characters.
