Location: mid-size city in south central US

I've been trying to put my thoughts into words about this for a while and I think it boils down to the collapse of our collective intelligence, something I've had a first-hand look at through my job. This is separate from, though related to, the misinformation / disinformation issue. In my job I deal with people of all ages, classes, and groups from society, and personally I have a fairly wide swath of friends and acquaintances from many cultures, backgrounds, and beliefs. What I've began to notice among everyone is like a short-circuiting. No one seems to know anything about anything anymore, or how to do anything, or how anything works, and do not understand the basics of basic concepts that were common knowledge a decade or so ago. No one knows how to write a correct simple sentence, no one knows where or how to find accurate information. No one reads. No one cares to learn anything. I want to call this the Tik Tok culture and a lot of it is due to rampant denial and distraction. 

This spans generations but I am particularly worried about our young people. They are totally detached from reality...lost in their phones, bereft and dejected and depressed and ignorant of so, so much. I can't tell you the number of older teens or people in their 20s that have asked me how to address an envelope or where to obtain a postage stamp and how to use it. The majority of the ones I deal with or know personally are completely consumed with "going viral" in some way, either through their social media accounts or through their music or other hustles. So many rappers who are sure they will end up like Drake or someone. I really fear for the young people when SHTF.  I do admire so much about the younger crowd, but I personally know several within a small geographic area who are aspiring rappers, or have started clothing or cosmetic "companies" and such. One high school kid I know of wrote a "book" about his difficult early life in the system. It's great that the did that and I supported him by buying copies (I try to support the other "companies" sometimes too), but the book was just horribly put-together. I know he paid a "publisher" to publish and print the book, but there were hundreds of grammatical errors and misspellings in just about 50 pages...it was the worst I've ever seen in that regard (I'm not referring to the content or theme). I don't think he even had anyone try to edit it in the least. I admire these kids' motivation, and some do have some talent, but most them have zero practical basic skills and I really fear for them. Every time I have the opportunity, I tell young people to please learn some practical skills or something that might help you put food on the table some day. I get blank stares most of the time. Do they even understand what I am talking about?

I'm GenX. For my generation and older, this manifests as the inability to do anything at all online for many, leaving them cut off from important services and interactions.  I deal with people who don't have the dexterity to operate a computer mouse because they've never done it, but now they need immediate access to online resources to deal with critical health or job or benefits or housing issues. Navigating emails, passwords, logins, etc.,is truly a never-ending nightmare for some people. 

It's like we have had information overload and sensory overload to the point that our brains have short-circuited. 

I don't want to be that person who says, "When I was your age...", because I'm not that person. But to compare my childhood in the 70s, my teens in the 80s, and young adulthood in the 90s to where we are now, is shocking. A noticeable decline in mental functioning from which we are now seeing the results in many ways. Even in the early 90s, we were still writing letters, not so long ago yet light years ago. I remember when it was the norm to exercise your mental functions almost constantly by having intelligent conversations, working out problems and finding solutions, making things, reading books and magazines, writing letters, working puzzles, etc., etc. All these things and others worked together to keep our brains sharp. 

Before the Internet and social media, back in the 90s and before, it was really sort of hard to fall victim to mis- and disinformation. Either you knew something, or you didn't. If you didn't know something and wanted to learn, you had to make a conscious effort to learn it and it took work and time. You had to go to a library, read a book, subscribe to journals or magazines, attend classes and lectures, etc. Idiots didn't have much of a basis (or a computer in our hand full of info and disinfo) upon which to counter information or ideas or what have you with conspiracy theories or false information. A few may have spouted off craziness but those people were mostly considered kooky people by everyone else. You may have been misinformed about something from an individual, but that was about it. If a publication published an error, they had to retract it and it was a pretty big deal. Back then, most people also knew enough to know when they didn't know something, and accepted expert opinion and advice.

Everyone is desperate to make a buck and the rich and corporations are ramping it up. It's like that's all we know in this country. My email box has exploded with random "offers", "reminders", and outright scams. I always got a few, but it seems like it has increased exponentially recently. I can clear them and then check back in 30 minutes and there are a dozen more, when I used to get about a dozen a day or less, for years. I've also noticed that most of the talk shows almost always now have segments where they are trying to sell something, I even noticed this on local news and talk shows.  I don't really remember this happening a few years ago. 

Lastly, the quality of absolutely everything continues to decline at a rapid rate. I noticed this week at work that the paper towels we buy have become a poorer quality and the liquid soap refills are so thin now that they are basically just very airy foam, not really even suitable for soap . Both are the same brands.
