Ehasz wanted that. Pretty sure Mike and Brian said that was never their intention. I don't get how Mai and Ty Lee betraying her shows there's still hope for her. Sure she has a mental breakdown over her friends betraying her. But her friends weren't maliciously backstabbing her, they were standing up to her abuse. Her mental breakdown is from her worldview of it's better to be feared than loved being shattered. The more justifiable example could be Ozai leaving her in the Fire Nation during the comet. She feels betrayed by the person she trusted most and probably felt the most comfortable with because he understood and admired her when so many feared her. But she's finally seeing that her view of everyone else as a tool is the same as her father's. She has been told she's so special but when it comes down to it she's a pawn to him. At the end she doesn't curse her father for leaving her behind, or recognize that she pushed away all those who loved her due to her lack of empathy. She grows deeper in her hate for Zuko and her mother. She deflects and justifies everything to hold onto that worldview. In real life that's pretty on par for her type of mental health issues. We like to think everyone is introspective and willing to admit fault but that's actually not everyone's default. Especially someone like Azula.

I get having empathy for Azula, I understand that she is a victim, and I also understand she is a child. You can like Azula but I get kind of tired of the rosy colored glasses for her. She's incredibly sadistic, manipulative and abusive. She shows no signs of that changing those things or having remorse for them. If at the end of season 3 she showed that being used by Ozai during the comet made her realize how bad it felt to her friends and Zuko to be used by her, then I could see some possibilities. But she doesn't. Her being 14 doesn't change that. Being a bit selfish and unaware of others can be a simple life experience fix. Sadistic and manipulative tendencies aren't that simple. There are plenty of people in real life who do really horrible things and never even see them as wrong, even in the face of enormous consequences. It is not out of the realm of possibility for Azula to follow this path. I would argue it is the most likely outcome.
