The report started like this: *On the twelfth of Dustmonth, just after a storm that was bad enough to shutter the windows, Father did not wake up.*



Prianna stopped writing and stared down at the parchment. It took some effort to hold the quill without snapping it; Father had made sure that she had an excellent grasp of her own strength, but the unfamiliar feelings that had settled into her chest made it difficult to keep hold of it properly. 



She felt roughly as if someone had jammed a pin into the clockwork of her heart, so that the gears ground together, stuttering and jumping and unable to fully turn. She felt like someone had scraped a thin line through the sigils etched into her sternum, so that the magic that helped make her *her* came in uneven, gasping little spurts. 



Unfamiliar. Unpleasant. *Wrong*. Father would have been able to explain it, but Father was gone. The physician had taken him away.



She sucked in a breath (the bellows that were her lungs felt too small), and then hunched over to continue. 



*He did not wake when I called for him. He did not wake when I brought him breakfast. He did not wake when the Baroness summoned him, and so she sent Missus Anundi to see what was the matter. Missus Grant was upset when she saw him. She sent for the physician, and then the physician and his assistants covered Father in a sheet and took him away.



I am therefore forced to conclude that Father is dead.*



Prianna understood death, in a way. She knew what it meant for Constructs, like her, and for anything that had been made by the hands of someone else, clockwork or magic or both. It meant being still, and unaware, and non-functioning. ‘Death’ to an inorganic creation was generally a temporary ailment.



She also knew, in a general sense, what death meant for organic life. Father’s old assistant, Nidal, had explained it to her like this: death was what happened when a body and mind stopped working entirely. He had shown her a pheasant the young princes had killed on their last hunt, and she had seen the hole the crossbow bolt had made in its chest, and the blood, and she had heard the silence in its chest.



There were no marks from crossbows on Father’s body, but his heart was silent, too. So, therefore, he was dead.



*And, therefore, Prianna wrote, I must also assume that someone has killed him, which means that I will have to find out who.*



She pushed away from her writing desk and stood, brushing off the baggy front of her pants. Her room was small, more a repurposed storage closet, with space enough for her desk, her shelf of books, and a small mattress that had only been useful since four months ago, when Father had managed to find a way to allow her to sleep. 



She opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. The Keep was abuzz with activity. Prianna supposed she understood why; the Baroness’ Mage was dead, which was bad. Father had been much beloved and, apart from that, very important to the workings of the state, or so she understood.



Missus Anundi had told her that there would be a very grand funeral for him, before the morticians brought him down to the tombs beneath their feet and laid him to rest-- although what *that* meant escaped her. It seemed to Prianna that someone who was dead had nothing else to do *but* rest. The line between ‘just sleeping’ and ‘dead’ seemed very slim.



But she didn’t have time to think about it for long. She had work to do.



She walked briskly down the corridor to the library. There was an army of servants busily polishing the marble floor, and it was so clean that Prianna could see her reflection in it. She looked ‘remarkably human’, or so she’d been told. She had the same proportions as them, she supposed, two arms and two legs, one head. No tail, although she liked tails (or the ones on the Keep’s various catdrakes, at least), and the soft, supple red-brown porcelain that made up the majority of her body looked (and felt) rather like skin. 



Her sable hair, pinned and hidden beneath a green *yanila* (the headscarf any unmarried person wore), was *real* hair, though she had never asked where it had come from. It was enough that it was hers, she supposed. Her eyes were the color of copper. Nidal had told her once that she was modeled like a doll, with seams at her joints to allow for easy access. Prianna had seen dolls before. She liked to think she was more impressive a creation.



The library was quiet, a sharp contrast to the hum of activity outside. It was a massive room, three stories tall, with shelves that stretched right up to the ceiling. Every available spot was crammed with books, some so old the spines had started to crack. There were tall, wide windows that let in beams of warm sunlight, which Prianna could only just feel. 



Father had been in the process of modifying her ability to physically feel things. He had told her it would only be a matter of weeks before she would understand why people smiled when the sun warmed their skin.


Now he was dead.


She stopped and looked around. “Vala-Vala,” she called out. She wondered if organics could feel the plucking of their vocal chords as they spoke. Probably not. “Are you here? I need to talk to you.”


There was a gasp from somewhere above. Prianna lifted her head, and saw Vala-Vala. They were a sphynx, with the head of an amber-skinned woman, and the body of a lion. They had a pair of white wings folded against their back; they also wore a *yanila*, a blue one, and their chest was covered by a loose scarf in the same color. They were balanced on the top of a very tall ladder.


“Oh, Pri,” they said, and breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank goodness, it’s only you. You nearly gave me a heart attack…” They turned back to the shelf they had been organizing. “It’s been a nightmare of activity this morning, all over the Keep. I was worried it was going to move in here next, and I don’t want anyone touching my books, trying to *clean* them-- they wouldn’t even begin to know how to do it properly…”


“Vala-Vala,” Prianna said again. “I need to talk to you.”


Vala-Vala blinked, and glanced down. Then they nodded. “Alright,” they said. They spread their wings and jumped, gliding down to the floor, then took a moment to smooth out their scarf before they asked, “What can I do for you?”


Prianna watched them. “Father is dead,” she informed them, although she thought it was likely they already knew.



Vala-Vala’s ears went back. “Oh, dear,” they said. “It didn’t even occur to me that-- yes, you *would* be rather upset, wouldn’t you?” They sat down, tail curling over their front paws sheepishly. “Forgive me, I didn’t think to ask. Are you alright?”


She shook her head, although not in response. “That isn’t important,” she said. ‘I need your assistance with something. Father is dead. I must discover who killed him.”

The fur along their spine stood straight up. “Who-- you think he was *murdered*?” They asked, aghast. “I swore Physician Hidul said ‘natural causes’. Do you have reason to suspect otherwise?”


Prianna tilted her head. “He is dead,” she said. It was as simple as that, of course; death meant that one had been killed. Someone had to do the killing. Like the pheasant. “I have to find who killed him. Will you help me?”


“Oh,” Vala-Vala said, and sighed softly. They reached out with a paw, cupping her cheek against their pads. “Oh, I understand. Sweet Pri. Your father wasn’t *killed*, he simply *died*.”


She stared. Why were they contradicting themself? If Father was dead, he had been killed. “I don’t understand,” she said. “That doesn’t make sense.”


“Yes it does,” they said. “Master Ondal was old, Prianna. He was an old man, and human, and they only live for so many years before they can’t anymore.” Their ears twitched. “You have to understand this, Pri; no one killed your father. The only thing that happened to him was time.”


Time. The complex gears in Prianna’s head began to spin with that idea between them. She nodded. “I see,” she said, because she did. Vala-Vala had been just as helpful as she’d hoped they would be. 


They smiled, a little sadly. “Do you? I hope you understand, Prianna.”


“I do,” she said, because she did. It was very simple. 


Father was dead because he was old. It was time that had killed him. 


*Therefore*, she wrote later, when she had retreated to her room to pack her things, *it is obvious what I must do. If Time is to blame, then I must find Time, and then bring them to the proper authorities.*
