This is a highly irregular request from a music instructor/teacher. They are either a matchmaker or he is making up this as an excuse to take this girl out. Only you can get to the bottom of that.

You know, just because his instructor suggests he take this girl out doesn't mean he is obligated. It is not his job to entertain other girls, and the teacher could be trying to set them up in a way, thinking they could have lots in common and unaware that you are in the picture. If you are uncomfortable, he shouldn't even entertain it. He should inform the teacher and the girl that he has a girlfriend and doesn't feel it is appropriate to take this girl out without his girlfriend present, because he doesn't want to risk his relationship.

Sit down with him and discuss this. Express your fears and what you feel is appropriate within your relationship. Tell him your boundaries (what you are ok with and what you are not). If him taking out another girl during the whole week you are gone seems too much, tell him that you are not ok with it and he needs to cancel those plans for the sake of the relationship. Mean it. Because if he disregards your feelings, spends the entire week bonding with her, and perhaps developing an infatuation with her, that could be the end of your relationship.

The appropriate response to the teacher would have been if he immediately said "Let me discuss it with my girlfriend first". That would have told the instructor that he is in a relationship and that they was crossing boundaries into his personal life. Tell him you are uncomfortable by the whole idea and want him to tell them that taking out another girl is inappropriate and disrespectful to his relationship. That is girlfriend is not comfortable with him taking out a girl while she is away. Offer show up after his class, introduce yourself, and have the conversation with the instructor and girl with him. If he doesn't want you there, it could be a red flag.

This girl is foreign and alone. She probably is unaware that he has a girlfriend, and there may be some attraction there that you may be unaware of yourself. Even if his intentions are purely platonic, she may cling to him as her only "friend", may develop feelings, and before you know it, there is a third wheel in this relationship. Don't let it get to that point.
