The only reason i know anything about attachment theory is because my breakup from a DA was so disruptive for me. Unlike any other relationship or situation I have ever been in. I was really and truly happy before i met them, i was looking forward to sharing my happiness with a partner. I was dating on a regular all that year and thought i found a person i could settle into a long term with. 

I am secure, in my late 30's  


So here are the things i discovered and figured out. 

1. The relationship was fundamentally sound at the beginning, no drama no fights. This is because the DA is really just doing things they know to be expected of them in the early stages. I'm not sure if its that they are faking? Or is it just they are trying really hard to give normal relationship development a solid go.
2. If you are secure and unaware of attachment theory, everything about a DA that happens when they are triggered is utterly confusing and nonsensical in terms of how relationships and people normally handle situations. 
3. If you are able to solve the problems that avoidant brings to you, it won't matter. New problems will spring up and even if they are small.....it will be used as justification.
4. I have never dealt with someone so stubborn and against seeing things from the side of the other person. What tends to cause the deepest wounds is the lack of sympathy and understanding of the emotions the other person has. 
5. The abrupt ending, for no fault of your own that you can see, is devastating.  That produces the most unanswered questions. Did they ever like me? When i made love to them, did that even mean anything? How could you see me in love and let me walk right off that cliff, knowing you would never catch me. Did i fall in love with a ghost? A person who was really not who i thought they were. If they could fool me, can't anyone else? How could i be so silly to think they were developing feelings for me too?
6. The vilification from the idea of "i'm good, you are bad" mindset can be super subtle.
7. The will not introspect, even while admitting the point about our relationship made sense. She never internalized that maybe she was making big deals from nothing and sabotaging our relationship. 
8. The hot cold ended me. Like, we decided to keep giving it a try and we started dating again. It was like a switch flipped, she was texting me in the morning again. She went out of her way to be sexual towards me. We had a great dinner date. Then two weeks later, she cut me off again. I thought that we really shared some good moments, but once again it made me question reality. 
9. I did all the work. Hundreds of dollars for dates and travel, letting go of other potential partners. Stuck with therapy bills, stuck on antidepression meds. I got nothing to show for it. I don't even have "good times" memories cause i question if i'm the only one who even felt that way. 
10. It gets better, but i don't even look forward to being attracted to women anymore. I'm like so content just not even caring that a relationship might be years in the future.
