Yeah that's quite a tricky situation if your mom's that nosy... Perhaps to ease the impact of the question, you can sugarcoat it by asking your dad if he feels comfortable enough seeing a therapist /with/ you, just to have a sort of " mediator" help you both work on your relationship and ask for advice on what you could both improve?  ( Finding ways to communicate better, how to avoid heated misunderstandings, what subjects to avoid, how to be more emotionally mature, practicing communicating how everyone feels, understanding the value of emotions/feelings and why it's important to consider them, etc.) So you both need someone else to meditate, help, and suggest you stuff, but a therapist is the only person who can help. 

And try to avoid having your mom involved for the time being yeah, that might be too many people and if your therapist isn't great, it can risk getting ugly if no one wants to listen to your perspective. You can try to pick the therapist of your preference, even online perhaps, if you can.  Some online therapies can pair you with therapists with similar values as you that you can pick. As for irl, some therapists sometimes write a bio which might help you get a feel for what the person might be like.
 
I'm not sure if it's narcissism or not since I'm no expert and covert narcissists are tricky to spot. But if it helps, from what I understand everyone is on a sort of scale when it comes to exhibiting some narcissistic traits; on one side most people show a healthy amount of egoism, and in some rare cases some have full blown NPD or other various personality disorders when the traits start being severe and destructive. Most of the time, except the extreme cases, the narcissistic traits can still be tinkered with. I'm hoping that he's just simply aloof and unaware of his total apathy towards other people's feelings and his own, since there might be a chance to still sort of have some level of communication with him that could hopefully improve with time. 
People with narcissistic personality disorder are usually impossible to get through to, since their real sense and understanding of themselves and others is shattered and replaced by one big angry defensive armor. If he's just alexithymic and confused, he might still be able to learn to understand the value of well, emotions, by practicing them. It could be wishful thinking, but it might be worth a try if he wants to put in the effort.
 If he refuses, then try to make it clear that you can't work this out alone by yourself, since neither of you have the ressources or are fit to take control of the situation since nothing that you've tried has worked so far. And because of that, you can't make any progress if you aren't on the same page, and someone can help with that. 

I hope my advice won't backfire on you in any way, because oof, some people are really unpredictable and can't take any kind of criticism, even if you try to take a part of the blame for the sake of the bond... So yeah, fingers crossed for you!
