I sell tracks every day and do not have a following. I produce under someone with less than 100 subs who's sold over 22 million records, and is responsible for artist over 10million monthly. I have friends doing way better than me writing for artists like Lady Gaga, Tyga, The Weeknd, and more, with 12k monthly for their own music.   


Replacing your income by monetizing your skillsets is not automatically the same thing as building a following you then direct to a funnel, as mentioned. Producing is a type of job, you can make money in any professional industry, if you are a professional. 

The fact you say you've been doing this so long and it's not hard to make a full time income with...I mean dude I'm sorry you seem to be very much so naïve and stuck and unaware of what you're saying.   


If you want to be a beat maker on youtube and direct to a website, all the power to you. I hope you get there. Seems like you're confident you will. If you want to make a full time income as a producer, in my opinion, you haven't even taken a single step in this direction.   


Ill Factor of Beat Academy has a wall of Gold records behind him. Not a single one of his 100k followers helped him do that, and there was not a single follower or fan that had anything to do with how many sales and streams he's responsible for.   


The people making the most money are nameless and not on social media. It's the difference between being Shaq, and the guy who writes Shaq's check. It's difference between being Adele, and producing for her alongside 12 other major artists. It's the difference between being Mary Lambert, and the person writing her hit songs, or producing them, or managing them, or marketing them.   


Your post didn't come off as disrespectful, but it does come off incredibly naïve and self serving. You don't sound like someone struggling to me, you sound like you needed to remind yourself that you aren't, or won't, or don't, or something. I'm not even sure.   


I do encourage you to keep going and fight for your dreams. As a professional producer, it is my, more than likely useless opinion, that isn't what you seem to be doing. Thankfully I do not have any say on that, only you do! ;)
