Make music for your souls expression, for you as hard as that may be. You want people to like it and even your inner child wants the approval of others if you heal that kids self esteem and self image you will heal yourself currently and smash that mental block out of your path.

 I’ve been singing since 5 years old , playing guitar and writing songs since 15 years old , performing my originals since 15, audio engineering and producing since 17 years old and I am currently 29.  My crippling self doubt anxiety depression and adhd throughout most of those years has made it so I am sitting on a hard drive full of full songs and half baked material that I never released due to lack of follow through and shame surrounding my mental block due to mental illness. But .. since Something had shifted in me and it has one source 

 Micro dosing psilocybin has changed my creative soul/ mind and I am finally seeing the world in colour again. 

I  discovered this year I am autistic and was diagnosed young with PDD pervasive development disorder which is an off branch of autism spectrum disorder and typically used to define people on the spectrum with milder symptoms or when they show some symptoms but not some of the obvious textbook social or sensory issues at a high degree or are relatively good at self coaching / masking without awareness they are analyzing people and mirroring their behaviours effectively enough to pass. My parents chose to not tell me this because they figured I would develop better if I was unaware and less insecure etc. My mother passed away when I was young and my dad kinda just assumed my symptoms went away themselves. But truthfully I was living in Terror and sensory overload but didn’t know my experience differed from others only felt that it did, just felt misunderstood, weird and crazy my whole life. 

 I have sensitivity to light, sound, touch, taste, smell etc and  I didn’t realize that my capacity to self medicate was a way to numb myself and dull my senses and abilities and natural strengths related to my high sensitivity.  I was coping with Junk food, caffeine, sugars, marijuana, alcohol etc and using them all moderately yet mildly enough that I wasn’t aware it was killing my soul and spirit and lowering my connection to my creativity and source. When I am writing and In the zone I feel one with the world, this present, tuned in feeling that’s meditative etc. When I finally realized on a sensory level I was killing my talents I found a healthier relationship with what I choose to put in my body and instantly my songs and my sound started to soar out of me with joy and confidence again, like when I played as a child to let my complex feelings out. On a physiological level I was finally aware and attuned to my body again and using my hyper sensitivity as a superpower not a detriment. 

 But what woke me up was one night I had a relatively small macro dose of magic mushrooms (roughly 1G ) to be exact. 

I had a lovely experience, laughing with myself, playing music over my speakers, watching the ceiling shift and wave etc and danced in the living room. I woke up the next day without depression or anxiety or fear etc , I felt clear, like my internal radio signal in my brain finally tracked the right channel where my thoughts and hopes and dreams were set free without doubt. If anything I was hopeful for the first time in over 10 years. I reminded myself of the passionate young girl I used to be who’s songs just flew out of her like lighting in a bottle. Except only now, I wasn’t making my diagnoses my problem, but my solution and fully accepting the way my mind works and creating pathways for myself to thrive knowing who I am and not what I think people want me to be. 

This lead me to research micro dosing , I am currently doing the Stamets Stack 2x a week on my weekend.  50mg psilocybin: 250mg Niacin, 250mg Lions Mane. With lots of water and eating a light healthy meal 30 mins after dosing. 

 I’m not perfect and I still hit walls because of my executive functioning issues but if you want to break through a mental block magic mushrooms may be a very effective natural approach. I have a history of depression and anxiety and adhd pharmaceuticals that ultimately numbed me, which got rid of some of my symptoms but killed my spirit. Magic mushrooms has been the first thing that has shifted my frame of mind to a place of acceptance of myself, self love, transcendence. 

My micro dose is so low I don’t have any visions or hallucinations, I am simply calm and my mind is wide open,  it lets the ideas flow through at a poignant level. 

 Maybe you need to crack open your spirit and not focus on the productivity or how to fix your problem on an analytical level by forcing to hit targets or sound like other people or study or make x amount of beats etc.  but first heal your heart and get yourself in a place where the music takes you on the journey and your present and along for the ride which ever way the road winds. 

Sorry if this was long winded and jumped around, I thought maybe my story would add a level of context and show my true intent; which is that I believe there is absolutely nothing wrong with you, you are beautiful and capable of magic, you just have to be open to it which first takes a bit of faith and belief in your abilities. It’s kind of nice that since micro dosing my ego is way milder / less vocal and isn’t whispering in my ear that I am not living up to my potential and that I’m fucked up. Instead my ego kinda comes out now as the supportive internal best friend that gives me a “you fucking rock” sentiment and then moves along to leave room for compassion empathy selflessness and love. Balancing the line between connection to thy self and therefore connection to the world. 

I believe in you. I hope you find your magic again
