&gt;It's easy to imagine that her boss will reject her project to   
investigate the mysterious disappearances around the city slum's sole   
hospital. They probably will send her cover a red carpet event instead.   
It's easy to think that, should she not give it up, that her bosses will  
 let her know that poking her nose where she isn't supposed to will   
hinder her career greatly.

I think that you nailed it there. There are numerous tools of the "jailers" at your disposal. I am fairly certain that most of these people (tools) do not realize the truth, but are instead bound to obey via threats, bribes, extortion, calling in of favors, etc. But the example you gave above is very well done and a fine example.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;...in this universe, the Agents are really proactive in rooting out and   
eliminating rebels, exiles and anomalies. How much are the Archons,   
Lictors and co. doing in the Kult universe?

As some have already said, I agree that it is completely up to you, and to a lesser extent, your players how this goes. In my vision of the world, the Archons and even Lictors (for the most part) are completely unaware and unconcerned with the player characters. They have many other things to concern themselves with. That said, if the player characters become an issue, disrupt plans, or become known for some reason... well, that is a different story.

I think that despite the power vacuum, there are many who still take their "job" seriously and are active in it. After all, that is why they were created, right? It is difficult to go against your very core programming, and theirs is to maintain the illusion.

As a last bit of advice/idea, you may wish to look into similar situations for ideas. For example, how is it that organized crime groups maintained the illusion of normalcy?  How do vampires in Vampire the Masquerade maintain the Masquerade? How do corporations and governments keep secrets hidden and dissuade whistleblowers?

I hope that in some small way, this helped.
