My first trip produced a very similar epitaph. 
It was the day before thanksgiving, the autumn after my graduation from high school. My first semester of college was going ok. I had started smoking weed with my friends whom I had know only about 3 years. One night we had procured roughly an eighth of mushrooms. I was NOT a part of the plan to take them, but after I found out I insisted that I join. There was no resistance to my participation so the three of us split the eighth. I had the most profound experience of my life. It was as if I had suddenly became aware of my own fucking existence. Like I had never once thought of my self for 18 fucking years. I had flashes of my friendships throughout my childhood, and everything looked very very sad. I looked at the clothing and the objects I had that were “mine,” and realized the shirt I had on was given to me, the belt I had on was someone else’s, the Levi’s I had were hand-me-downs, my wallet was found/stolen from someone in a locker room years and years prior in junior high, and finally I wasn’t even suppose to be there that night, I had annoyingly invited myself. I just completely lost it. Who the hell was I, and how had I been so unaware. This feeling stuck with me for a long time, and is still probably with me to some degree to this very day (some 13 years later). I’ve accepted a lot of things, and have even seen a therapist about it all. I’m sure it boils down to my terrible upbringing and moving from place to place as a child to facilitate my step dads meth addiction. So anyway, I suffer from extreme self-consciousness now  cause I don’t want to annoy people which causes major anxiety and it’s sucks. But for years I thought, “God, if only I could go back to being unaware, and just happy-go-lucky I would be so much better off.” But no! Fuck that! I look back at that person with humility and shame! I’m having the most difficult time letting him go, because he was so artificially, blissfully happy. But anyway author, thanks for this poem! It struck a chord when I needed to hear some harmony.
