I can give you an opinion based on the fact that I could probably appreciate his music again one day. But for now I’ve not been listening to him. It’s hard for me considering everything and I’ve tried to slowly get back to listening but it just feels weird for me right now.

I absolutely HATE Travis as a person. His ego is abysmal, and yes I get that he’s tried to make a unique image for himself with this rager mentality but fuck me, you can do it without being that careless and ignorant of other human lives. I hate the fact that he’s always been endangering everyone apart from himself and his friends and family since he made it to the big stages. I’ve always said I’d never go to a concert of his WAY before this and he’s the only artist I’ve been a fan of that I’ve ever said that which really shows you something about the kind of shit he brings. The fact that he had a paralysed fan dragged to the stage in that state to give him a goddamn ring knowing he’d be in a wheelchair after that? Sickens me every time I see it. How can you be that stupid or ignorant that you don’t know YOU DO NOT MOVE A PARALYSED INDIVIDUAL or you just ignore what you know anyway. The shoe thing is also something that pisses me off. Like fine ok be mad but be respectful. That’s someone that directly gives you money by listening to your music and paying for concert tickets. Be thankful, you probably got like 10 more of them shoes in your mansion anyway. And all your shoes are more expensive than the shit we can afford. He probably didn’t even want to resell, he probably would have kept it forever. If it was me I’d have kept it not sold it. And the manager thing is just downright disrespectful. How can you leave them like that when they do so much for you as a person. It’s like he sees everything as replaceable. 

Aside from him having an ass personality I do think the money has really gone to his head as it usually does with people. I’ve never really been able to agree with him as a person. I would listen to his music cause I’m a fan of that kind of music, but that’s as far as it goes.
