"More places are anti LGBTQIA than pro"
Uhhhh are you new here? Alien brand new off the mother ship? Or just that clueless? This has been the case for well over a century. 

Like I can't stress hard enough how grossly you're missing the point here. The point isn't how many still are queerphobic the point is how many *no longer are*.  

Republicans being Republicans is nothing new or noteworthy they've been doing that since before they became explicitly fascist and didn't stop progress much. 

Rowling and Dawkins likewise are pretty old news. Yes they're still bad and everything but they've been known quantities for quote some time now. 

Media reports have, once again, always done that, for a very very very long time. You are, once again, grossly missing the point which is how many *aren't* doing that anymore not who still is. 

Hate crimes rising is in tandem with rising far right fascism in the west. While LGBTQIA is a small part of that reactionary vitriol, general decay of material conditions unrelated to our existence are the actual starting catalyst.

I can't speak for Europe, but the other poster ought familiarize more with the demography of the States to add nuance to that claim. In the US the younger two generations are *extremely* progressive. And more resilient to the rising fascism that might have a better foothold in Europe due to diversity. Gen Z in the US is the first generation that's *not majority white* and where studies estimate anything from the midteens at worst to 1 in 3 are LGBTQIA. 

Needless to say, whole young fascists here do exist, they're all white a cishet, and are themselves a minority. 

The major concern for America is that the older 2 more fascist generations exit to the next world, there's still a little time for them potentially to pull the rug out. 2024 is their best bet for this and it is a very real risk, 2028 would be a total hail marry due to the deaths of older voters and coming of age of younger progressives. 

"Fun" fact: the average age of extremists in the US (we only have right wing ones really) is 42. This is notable because everywhere else in the world, the average age of extremist groups is 20s to early 30s. Food for thought.


Tbh this whole post reads like you were totally naive and unaware of, well, most of the world really, and then freaked out and thought doom was around the corner because you realized actually alot of it is shit and didn't connect that it's been getting less shit and was previously far more shit.
