&gt;Dr. Whaley told The Times that the data was collected between 2014 and 2019 but the pay gap is probably bigger now because of the pandemic as *more women had to look after children and stay at home.*

Had to? Or wanted to?

I don't doubt that there's women who's been "forced" or pressured to stay at home to look after the children, but why is that? 

I'd assume it has to do with the fact that mother's has chosen lower paid jobs than the father's, and so logically, to provide the most for the family, the best decision is for the mother to stay at home and the father to keep working.

So what can be done to prevent this?

*Women can choose to study and get into well paid work that can provide for a family just like a lot of men do.* That way, if the man in the relationship earns less, it would make sense that he'd stay at home to look after the children too, or if they both have high paying jobs, that they either split the SAHP role or pay for childcare.

All in all it comes down to the fact that women *choose* lower paid work, and then they *choose* to get pregnant or *choose* to stay pregnant and often *choose* to work less if given the opportunity, which obviously means they're indirectly choosing to earn less though they may not realize it before it's too late and they're stuck in the SAHM role complaining how they earn less and have to look after the children, when *their own choices* led to such consequences. 

Then they complain that the consequences are unfair, but no shit things aren't equal when you make different choices that lead to different outcomes. No shit.

And what troubles me is how little self awareness and self introspection and reflection a lot of feminists have, cause it is troubling for women collectively that they aren't told they're responsible for their own decisions. It is problematic that feminists infantilize women and make them look so weak, stupid, unintelligent and unaware of the consequences of their actions to the point where they shouldn't even be held accountable or responsible for them.

Now, what can we do to change this?

I guess telling women that if they want to earn a lot, they need to *choose well paid work*, and they need to work hard at ot. (Not choose lower paid work and work part time and complain they're less paid).

Also, we need to tell women that they either should 1. *Choose* partners who are willing and enthusiastic about being a SAHP. 2. *Choose* to be childfree, as not having children means women can choose to focus entirely on their career and earning well.

All in all it boils down to choice. If you don't like the consequences that certain choices come with, simply don't make the choice.

And yes, there's social influences that push us into different roles and directions, but we are ultimately still free to choose what role and direction we want to take in life.

That's my speech as a woman who got banned from that sub and can't speak my words there. I just think it's more empowering to preach that women have a choice and that they should make educated intelligent choices (like choosing work more based on pay and choose partners who wants to and agree to co parent equally), rather than preach that women need compensation for making poor choices that has consequences they don't like.
