I’m going to repeat what I said in another way. Just because you interpret something in a certain way, that doesn’t mean the way you interpreted it is in fact how it is.

I didn’t say the tic tac was extraterrestrial, I said your comments don’t line up with what credible officials involved are saying. Like Ross Coulthart said in the TOE podcast, what skeptics and debunkers are saying ultimately is not lining up with what those in the DoD are saying, and what the intelligence community is being advised.

How could I write such a statement? “Snicker” Maybe because I’ve listened to what the actual officials are saying, and I’ve read the official government reports, and I’ve read the military based files, and I’m not ignorant. I’m pretty sure I’ve spoken to you before but I’ll say it again, whether you choose to believe in something or not makes no difference to it’s legitimacy. The US government, Australia, British, and France have documentation pointing towards extraordinary explanations. 

Alongside this we have very credible officials in high levels of government echoing the same statements. Then there’s you who clearly appears to be uninformed and ignorant of the situation. You’re taking your own belittling of this evidence as evidence of it not being valid, which is simply intellectual dishonesty. So forgive me for acknowledging the  credible evidence and testimony that supports that evidence. You deciding to write this evidence off as nonsense makes no difference to the reality of what is it is in fact valid factual evidence, as otherwise what did the government base their studies off? Ross Coulthart, a credible award winning journalist has even based his findings off one of these reports.

Basically what I see is someone who thinks they know what is going on, but yet is unwilling to realise or acknowledge that his ideas or opinions simply do not match the actual reality of the situation. If it’s simply terrestrial adversaries then explain the 100+ year history, and explain the government the government’s very dubious handling of this topic over the last 70 years.
