Again, you’re assuming these people hid from law enforcement Bc that’s what the media told us. Did you watch their arraignment? Bc I did. Did you watch watch the Crumbley’s lawyers said. Bc I did. Their lawyers had called the prosecuted on this case and the status of the possible charges numerous times; they even text her. The prosecutor REFUSED to respond back to the lawyers and instead decided to publicly announce the charges at a press conference. The first time both the lawyers and the Crumbley’s were aware they needed to appear before a judge was at a press conference! Never have parents in a school shooting been charged for the horrific crime their child decided to act upon. Never. THIS case is the first case. In the press conference, the prosecutor literally states “I want to make an example out of these parents”. The entire case is already politically motivated on gun control. It’s clear as day. They didn’t make their case with Rittenhouse, so this is the next one to present itself. Don’t you see ? I think what makes the parents even more innocent and unaware of this whole thing and Ethan’s plan is the fact that they were at the school THAT morning. The school actually knew more information than the parents, as students had expressed and shared their concerns of a possible school shooting. Did the teachers tell the parents this tidbit? We have no idea. All we know is that Ethan’s parents were made aware of the note he made, which in the eyes of a parent, looks like a desperate cry for help against suicidal thoughts. A parent would not have looked at that note and thought “oh shit, my kid wants to shoot up the school”. No parent would ever think that their kid is capable of that! I don’t think there is a parent in the world who would ever think their kid would commit such a horrific massacre like a school shooting. I truly don’t. So in the timeline of events: you have a teacher seeing the note. The parents being called in to come to the school. Them meeting with Ethan in the office to discuss the meaning behind it and whether or not he should go home. The school believed Ethan when he said it was in reference to a video game. Ethan goes back to class rather than home. Shoots up the school an hour later. The shooting goes live on national television. Mr. Crumbley, having just been at the school Bc of Ethan’s disturbing behavior, goes to check his newly purchased gun. It’s not there. He calls the school. Ethan’s mom, having just seen that note earlier, texts her son “don’t do it” because she means “don’t kill yourself”. That’s what his mother meant. It’s beyond obvious. She’s his mom and that’s her little boy. Any mom would immediately think he was going to hurt himself after everything that occurred that morning. She was thinking about him. She prob had no idea the damage he had done and the lives he ruined. Idk. The school should have searched him. We still don’t know if they mentioned to the Crumbley’s that people were scared of a possible school shootingZ
