Honestly though, most people wouldn't give you a job if you asked about their turnover rates, common reasons employees quit and what the company is doing about it. If I'd done that at my second last job place interview, their honest answer would be: "our turnover rate is quite high. The reasons is a combination of having to constantly be looking to book time off while working to ensure you can take your travel based vacation, but your not allowed to do that while on the clock. The hours are constantly shifting, there is limited chance for advancement, which is also reliant on how much higher ups like you. The clientele you serve are quite toxic and ignorant of the terms and conditions of our service, and nothing is done to combat this, because the more informed the consumer would be, the less they would engage in our services. Also, our raises do not keep pace with annual inflation. Most of our employees take pay cuts (leave without pay, which is available because they over staffed for the amount of calls their getting) to leave work early, because they are so downtrodden. Even if they take paid time off to leave early, it'll mean they won't have enough concurrent time to take a few days vacation at a time. Also, the workplace has a highschool social hierarchy vibe amongst the workers and ther higher ups. And sometimes the answere to an honest question is "because that's how it is, and this won't be discussed further." Also, their key words of how the want the business to operate based off of are laughable, in that it runs nowhere near how it should if those were their key values. Their key motto was "we're the biggest Tech company no one has heard of!" In reality they are the scamiest insurance company no-one cares about or continues to use once they've fallen prey to the terms and conditions, which the cashier at the store completely misrepresented, and who the business has no control over because their third party. We are combating this by giving treats based on the day of the week, one day might be bagels, one day might loose candy, one day might be cheese cakes and occasional pizza days. It's not working and we don't know why."
