I would certainly agree that there are parallels between the two myths although they are not synonymous. It is obvious that Greek mythology influenced Gnosticism and is very much part of the tradition otherwise the Orphic hymns wouldn't be present within it. Gnosticism is more of a coagulation between Greek mythology and Christianity or an extension to it. Gnosticism utilizes the didactic method of creating mythos to teach morality and in this case preserve Greek Philosophy,  primarily Neoplatonism and the conservation of the Logos which it was known at the time was slowly vanishes from society where we reach today and very little if any understanding of the Logos exists in common society. It can be postulated the Gnostics foresaw the downfall of the Greek philosophers as they began to be replaced by religious leaders in Rome and in a way "stole the Logos" the keep it preserved if again one sought to discover it. 

You mentioned that the goal is to reunite Sophia with Yaldabaoth and return him to the Pleroma. Not exactly. 

Not sure where you got that idea although you are more then welcome to indicate a source. 

In the gnostic text known as "On the Origin of the World" it actually states the opposite: 

"She will cast them down into the Abyss. They will be obliterated for their wickedness." 

"...When he has destroyed them, he will turn against himself and destroy himself until he ceases to exist." 

In other words the archons and demiurge are cast into the abyss where they destroy each other and there is no reconciliation and hauling them back to Olympus or into the Pleroma to corrupt it. 

As for the analogy the politicians are the archons like Sabaoth instigating subjection and tyranny and the Demiurge is a much bigger issue which spawned and influenced the politicians. In other words blame the politicians and their egos unless of course they are a benevolent politician although they are "the rulers". 

As for Azathoth in the Cthulhu mythos, it as well, is not the Monad, The One, but just another quasi Demiurge, if anything Azathoth is anthropomorphism of the abyss itself, also called Ye Blind Idiot, similar to how Salkas is called the fool or the blind one because it keeps us blind and ignorant of the pleroma as well as the eidos they emit in the noetic-noeric echelons.
