In college, I met a girl who believed that anyone who wasn’t Christian went to hell no matter what kind of person they were. This was one of the most bubbly, outwardly-nice people I’d met. I remember asking her what about people from other cultures who simply don’t practice the same religion as you? And she shook her head and I remember this was the first sad expression I’d ever seen her make, and she said that everyone gets a chance to hear the message and if you miss it, too bad.

I was never much of a Christian to begin with but I was shocked by how toxic, narcissistic, and ignorant that idea was.

Because you asked for help making fun OP, I’ll be a little more brutal and I hope that doesn’t come across to anyone as uncaring. I do see why this would scare and upset children.l and leave a lasting impression. Hell, my convo with that girl was like 15 years ago and we were just classmates, not even friends, and I still remember it because it was a shockingly repulsive belief from this otherwise sweet, friendly girl.

This video is stupid.

Oh Zach, why didn’t you teach me about your secret SkyDaddy club in time?! How could you?!

Oh wait, what do you mean it’s one of the most common religions in the world and anyone in the West can barely take one step in their waking hours without being inundated with references to it?  Still, fuck you Zach.

I love the implication that Zach was super shy about his religion. Growing up in a suburb in a highly religious state, the super Christian kids dominated discussions and the social fabric in general all the time. We had ultra fundie teachers, medium religious teachers, and teachers that didn’t mention religion, but certainly no publicly-atheist ones and vanishingly few of other religions. It was the non religious or non Christian or even casually Christian-in-name-I-guess kids who had to watch what they said. 

Meanwhile Zach is over here being *coy* all *shy* to tell his bestie all about his *real* bestie, JHC.  UwU  better stop blushing and tell him already so your true bestie doesn’t set your friend on fire, Zach!  

Yeah, this is is totally normal and not at all a wild foray into a creepy metaphysical Days of our Lives episode. Or since everyone is younger maybe Dawson’s Creek? Degrassi? Any of those crappy teen soap operas cover this problem in between teenage drinking and teenage pregnancy?  How to save your friend from being damned for eternity?
