I have no intention of being rude, but you are not the one to say whether he is autistic or not, yet convince him into believing it

I am autistic. I got the diagnosis only after realising it myself. The first proffesional I reached out to told me that I was too intelligent, social and "normal" to be autistic. She called me manipulative for trying to trick her. Trust me, a lot of proffesionals themselves don't ubderstand autism and use outdated, incorrect and hurtful information. Many people don't believe me when I say that I am autistic, since they all see it as some tragic, horrible illness that makes us unable to function and be "normal". Neurotypical people generally refuse to understand autism, so I'll make it easier:

Autism is not an illness. Even so, it is a disability

Autism is not inherently bad or good. It's not a disease nor a gift. It just is. It's a neurodevelopmental condition that we are born with, but many go undiagnosed and unaware that they are autistic. It is a difference of the way we function, think and feel. We consider it to be a variation of a brain's function, rather than an abnormality. We may communicate, behave or think in a different way to most people, and in a world that is not built for us and refuses to accomodate and accepts us the way we are, we struggle. We do struggle a lot.

Books, media, proffesional education on the matter of autism can be very wrong in many ways. If you want to know about autism, ask autistic people. It is that simple. No one can know better than us

And the person themselves knows the best if they are autistic or not. I could've believed the psychiatrist I first visited and spent my whole life thinking I was just being manipulative when I was sure that I was autistic. It is part of our identity, I knew I was autistic, so I looked for other psychiatrist and everything made sense to him

Believe him. And be there for him as he dicovers all the things about himself. He will appreciate it

I am sorry this comment is too long, and I am sorry if I sounded aggressive. I don't shame you for calling it a disease or not believing your cousin. Those are common mistakes because of all the wrong information around us. I wish both of you the best, and I really hope you both get to understand him, his needs and feelings better :)
