&gt;OP doesn't have a reason why masks shouldn't be used by children in schools,

I clearly stated my reasons. You clearly have a blind spot here. If you can't read, it's not my problem.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;OP believes the science about whether mask wearing facilitates reduction in covid-19 transmission to be "shaky" on the basis that OP believes that if you can find a study supporting that statement, you can find another arguing with it. I would invite OP to try to find a similarly up-to-date and extensive meta-analysis as this in opposition. I could well be wrong here, but I don't think the literature is as rife with rebutting evidence as they think.

I can show you a raft of studies to the contrary. And then this becomes a pointless pissing contest about data and interpretations of data. The fact that contradictory evidence exists is enough to say that this is a grey area.

Regardless of the result of who pisses higher on the data, the issue of the impact of mask wearing on children still stands. So this becomes even less relevant to the topic at hand.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;OP believes that 5-12 year olds should be included in the debate on mask wearing.

This is a pretty idiotic statement to make and is a complete strawman argument. Nowhere did I mention that kids should be included in the debate.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;OP is so dismissive and ignorant of adult, expert scientists and public health officials.

Which experts - the ones you agree with or the ones you don't?

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Maybe OP wpuld ask 5-12 year olds for insight on whether people should eat nothing but candy? Or whether people should stay up all night jumping on the bed and telling ghost stories?

Strawmanning like fuck here. That's the entire basis of your argument here. A clear sign that - while you want to argue on this topic - you haven't one fucking thing to say to counter my argument and are resorting to this fucking pathetic level of strawmanning.

Fucking sad, mate. Really - is this the best you can do? SMH
