Being a bro to the co means to help find them ways to overcome their own issues. 

Business is a struggle, actually, all organisations are. Often when you’re in, you’re too busy to work on it. Also for profits typically take funds, and if R&amp;D includes true care for output lifecycle, then you probably find that there is apathy for costs that can be pushed onto the people that demanded the goods and services - the purchaser. 

One small thing is that in a catastrophe or for the very disadvantaged, having waste means parts for repairing and refurbishing and rebuilding. But that’s no excuse, just something that helps a small minority. My foundation in tech came from first disassembling, then trying to repair damaged and broken, abandoned goods.  But I created a large waste stream as well. 

That tech that is discarded, needs collection points where it can be carefully checked for repairability, and collated until scale and volume makes processing easy. 

Most companies have escalation points. If it’s a common problem and you collate data on frequency by time applied to public complaints or mentions, it’s good to non-confrontationally share it with the company as they are often unaware and oblivious to issues. It doesn’t mean there will be an immediate resolution or an assistance in return, especially if out of warranty, or even care, but it’s something that gives strength to you, as you’ve more than fulfilled your obligations to advise the company if products fail prematurely. 

Also, sometimes a comprehensive and formal approach work wonders. I’ve had many items replaced when I collated accurate details, but I’ve been embarrassed a few times as well when the issues I found were to be caused by the user, (me or others) or not identified as user issues by me, when engaged as a technician. If you give an issue attention, and realise it’s your issue, the product is fine or simply used in a way that’s not per design, then at least you discover that rather than being clueless. 

I’d take a photo and get help summarising the text, then post it in a part-public part-private forum as the information then is shared, so you’re more likely to get assistance or acknowledgment or find others with the same issues. But search it first! 

Note. There’s a plethora of people posting on expensive tech. On low cost items, often it’s a dearth of reviews and flagged issues. It’s not unkind to constructively criticise and advise improvement on goods that are very low cost. But be kind. Don’t use all caps. :)
