Don't worry, I had no troubles understanding either, I'm ESL so I know how you feel.

1. That is completely true, no one forced Syanna to continue the cycle of rage and hatred she was thrown in, and she chose to continue it on her own will via blackmail (I mean, I do understand that probably she wouldn't have been able to murder four hyper-protected high status knights on her own, but she could have at least tried to concoct some other plan, or she could have asked Dettlaff when they were still lovers, maybe this too could be pinned down to bad writing). Likewise, no one forced Dettlaff to continue the cycle of rage and hatred he was thrown in, and he chose to continue it on his own will via massacre (again, if it was not for bad writing, him infiltrating the ducal palace and threatening Anna would have accomplished the same without need for bloodshed). It's why they mirror each other so much and their path is specular up to the point where each commits his/her own gravest crime.
2. My bad, I probably either misread or misinterpreted what you said in the first reply then.
3. Yeah, bad writing sadly almost ruined the gaming experience for me, and I don't know why but it seemed particularly glaring in this DLC specifically. Sadly I tend to overthink some particular issues (as you can see here lol) and that doesn't go well with instances of bad writing.
4. " But I personally can't get over the fact that she tried to fuck Geralt while at the same time people died in Beauclair, lol" Lmao yes, I don't know whether that should honestly be a point against her (since she looks like he is seducing him for her own ends) or in favour of her (since she says it's her last wish which means she is aware she'll very likely not survive the meeting but goes regardless). 
5. Yes, the fact that both are grey characters which you know are capable of both good or bad and have points in favour and against is what makes the choice so difficult. Honestly in my first playthrough I was trying to punish **and** redeem both of them since I saw potentiality for that and hoped they could still be saved, I only resolved to fight him when she unexpectedly disappeared (I thought the ribbon was some dumb sidequest at first) and I was not left with other choice but defending myself. Which I guess also allowed me to make peace with my conscience  as I was not even choosing to attack first. 
6. I mean, that's the beauty of it, everyone can see it a different perspective. As I said, for me, since I was trying to redeem both at the end of the day, the good ending felt like the best available because I offered  both a chance and managed to redeem the one who took it and could break free of this cycle of hatred, step up, forgive and face justice which I felt was the best way to end this tale of spite and vengeance, but I understand others may see another conclusion as more favourable. I also found the worst ending quite interesting, though as I don't know whether you've seen it I won't talk about it for now lol. Regis says he knows Dettlaff very well, and it shows before the night of the long fangs, but he also says he will not very likely attack Syanna at Tesham Mutna (which we know he  does), which could either be meant to mirror the duchess' overprotective attitude towards Syanna, or be a sign that Dettlaff's anger has gotten him to a point where even Regis struggles to recognize him, or just be another writing issue. And yes, very interesting observation that Geralt being neutral and ignorant of the matter can be both the best and worst judge available.
7. Well yes, that brings us back at point 1 and the cycle thing. No one gets dragged in willingly, everyone has a choice to stop right there, everyone chooses to continue the cycle of vengeance. The reason why I got the good ending was merely because I kept very stubbornly searching for the one who could manage to climb out of this cycle without the need of spilling more blood.

And again, do not worry, I had no troubles understanding and your english is excellent(or at least from my perspective, since it's not my first language I fear I may not be the best judge around).
