&gt; Explain to me why 80 million Americans are so uneducated and ignorant that they cant even for a second appreciate how fucked up the gun crisis is in your “country”. And would rather start a war and kill millions than give up their fun boom sticks.

If I did not own my guns I would be dead. I have been involved in 2 self defense shootings in my life as well as one where I hit a person in the head with a gun and killed them. Trying to take my firearms away is paramount to killing me, and if someone tries to kill me I will defend myself. Whether that is against an individual or totalitarian regime, I do not care

&gt; I mean they’ve been relentlessly brainwashed for generations by gun manufacturers

No, most of the guns I buy havent had their manufacturer exist for decades. You on the other hand are brainwashed by Bloomberg propaganda detached from reality


&gt; 
And before you start with the typical “the constitution isn’t horseshit, people died to protect that blah blah” bs, think about the fact that the reason it hasn’t been updated for so long to fit modern technology and ideologies. Is because all the gun manufacturers are making so much money from supplying tools of death to your citizens, that they got all the politicians in on it . And now your holy constitution is being and has been used for almost a century as a marketing slogan to sell more guns making the rich richer and keeping the poor powerless.

If you honestly think the constitution only protects 18th century technology, get the fuck off your iphone and write this with a fountain pen, then send this message via horseback.

The right to keep and bear arms isnt about muskets, it is the ability for people to protect themselves and their communities against any threat it may face. If there is a threat facing a community, the people have a right to get the gun off of their mantle, assemble into a militia, and run that threat out of town at gunpoint. 

&gt; You do realize some rednecks with guns dont stand a sliver of a chance against a tyrannical US government. A couple F-16s or warthogs could probably handle all of them combined. 

Who do you think make up the backbone of the US military? Do you think it is liberals from san diego flying F-16s or Warthogs? Or good old corn fed country boys? 

I am a veteran, some my kids are veterans, and some of my grandkids are active duty.  Why exactly do you think you can kill me without a trial and not cause any problems within the US military?

That is how you get a coup.
