I stayed for about three years after I realized it wasn’t going to work two months into the relationship.

I had no self esteem, she convinced me that no one would ever love me like she did, and that she was my last chance at love because I was too broken.

I thought she was “the one” for one and a half of the years we were together, and that’s part of why I forced myself to stay (“if she’s the one, then the reason I’m not enjoying this relationship is because there’s something wrong with me, not her”). In the last year and a bit I knew she wasn’t but I didn’t feel like I could get out for a laundry list of reasons. Primarily being afraid of never finding love again, that she threatened to kill herself if I left, sunk cost fallacy, thinking I was her only way out of an abusive family situation I later found out was a lie to keep me with her.

I was 14 when we met, 15 when we got together, and 19 when we split. She was 25 when we split up.

We broke up because I met someone else. I’m not proud of having an emotional affair while I was still dating her with a man who was in a similar situation with his girlfriend. It felt like we were the only people who understood what we were going through. It only lasted a few months before I left my ex- but he gave me the strength to realize that I was still lovable and that I deserved better. She threatened to kill me when she found out, but funnily that’s not why I left. I left because she started directing her anger and violence towards my best friend because she was mad at me, a woman who was completely uninvolved and unaware of the affair and was nothing but the perfect, sweetest best friend to us both. I knew she didn’t deserve that, and then the guy I was talking to who had left his girlfriend after I convinced him he deserved better asked me why I thought I deserved it if neither he or my best friend did?

So I left. I don’t miss her, I miss the four years of my life I gave her. She taught me to grow a backbone early, that people will manipulate you if given the opportunity, and how to identify potential manipulation early, that life’s too short to be in a relationship that doesn’t make you happy. It also taught me that abusive and bad relationships are like quicksand, you don’t realize how bad they are until you’re almost in over your head. I’m marrying the guy who helped me out of it in a year and a half, too
