You do have one hell of a lot going on in your life. It's no wonder you feel scattered and unsure of the future. I feel for you having to constantly struggle just to survive. If nothing else you obviously have tremendous amounts of resolve. It's commendable that you still have the presence of mind to seek inner peace without losing sight of your long term goals. That's a really tough balancing act.

Honestly, you've got very little reason to trust anyone. It sounds like nobody has yet treated you well, except perhaps your husband. But even his needs are met before yours. And like your mother, he won't go for the treatment that he needs. That's got to be so difficult for you. 

Your statement, "I just want to enjoy doing something in the company of a similar minded person" really resonates with me. It's very well said actually. I too would be much more willing to socialize if I could find someone trustworthy with whom to share a few simple, common pleasures. Alas, that's not on the horizon. Unlike you though, I've got no excuses like that I've got too much else going on. 

I also have had similar issues with doctors, albeit not because I'm young or attractive, just unusual. One of my conditions is so rare, I'm always the first patient with it that new health care workers have met. Doctors in residency always say, "Oh, we've only read about that in school!" Doesn't instill a lot of confidence in the profession for me. Still, at least I've got insurance.

It seems odd to me that you desire to be an ignorant bimbo, even in jest. I assume you mean you'd rather go through life blissfully unburdened and unaware of how difficult it all can be, but you're far too sharp to be some brainless sex object. You think life is confusing now? 

I get how your parents have failed you though. Not taking the time to explain things well enough for you to be able to let them sink in, putting too much emphasis on rather inconsequential issues and not on more important matters, abandonment, your mom choosing a relationship with her addiction over one with you, being told to shut up, shady friends, shady opinions of your friends, lack of guidance, lack of role modeling, lack of support, etc, these all take their toll. Damn heavy, as you said. One thing I think it would be wise to let go of are your expectations that they'll ever do right by you. Accepting that you are taking over the role of parent to your inner children can be a powerful step. It represents another level of maturity.

There's more I could say but I think it's more important for you to be heard, so if you please, go on. In any case, I'm wishing you the best and sending positive vibes your way.
