I understand where you’re coming from.  I was very outgoing before I started getting noticeable PCOS symptoms.  I was about 19 when I started gaining a lot of weight and my facial and body hair started changing.  It made me feel very self conscious and it isolated me.  What self esteem I had before then plummeted.  I was hanging around with people who were very superficial, because I was too, and once I felt like I wasn’t fitting in with their standards of worth anymore, I withdrew from them because I knew how they thought about people like me who didn’t look a certain way.  I also came from a mentally unhealthy family that put a lot of weight on women’s appearance and sexual desirability and believed women got their worth and “power” from those things (many sex workers, abusers, addicts and misogynists in my family).  My mom and her sisters (and some of my cousins) would constantly point out every flaw they perceived in and on me.  I had also been exposed to porn from a young age and that made it all worse.  On top of my body hair and weight changing, I never had regular periods, and during times of high stress, they disappeared all together for several years.  I was even told by two doctors that I may not be able to have kids (I hadn’t even had sex yet when they told me this, so that was premature and ignorant of them).  I struggled for half a decade before I really started taking a look at the causes of my PCOS symptoms and why I felt the way I did about myself and my body.

I was a teenager in the late 90s, early 2000s when rail thin was in and a “healthy diet” of “lots of whole grains, soy milk and fat free everything” was at its peak.  Which at the time, I did not know eating that way is HORRIBLE for PCOS.  So here I am in my 20s thinking there’s something seriously wrong with me, because I’m eating “super healthy”, and exercising, and never losing any weight, and the minute I eat the same thing as my friends, I put on 5 pounds.  So, I started researching, started looking at my lifestyle and my beliefs about my body.  Honestly in the early 2000s, there was barely anything of any substance out there about PCOS.  I wasn’t even officially diagnosed (with an ultrasound and hormone tests) until I was 30, because my first two doctors just looked at my A1C and body hair and said “yep you have it”...  PCOS diagnosis and treatment was a joke back then.  And I only found one book that didn’t really tell me much of anything except the symptoms a lot of people have and gave poor diet advice.  I actually had to look at other metabolic and hormonal disorders and connect the dots to make PCOS more than just a “you just need to lose weight” problem like my first doctor told me, or “don’t eat sugar” like my second doctor told me, or “you’re just lazy, you need to exercise more” like family and friends told me.  And thank goodness for people who publish research online, because otherwise I never would have made the connection between stress, food intolerances, leaky gut and PCOS.

I started trying out elimination diets and meditation (which finally at age 26 led me to paleo, and various stress managements, which works best for me).  And I found out, my hair and weight gain were not my fault.  Once I started following my own diet and stress reduction/exercise advice, my symptoms started improving by the day.  And the more I researched, the more people I wanted to talk to about it, and the more people I talked to about it, the more I didn’t feel so isolated and alone.  I stopped focusing so much on “I’m disgusting and worthless” “no one will ever want me” “I’m not like other women” and “I’ll never be good enough for anyone”... and started looking at it like “I am human, just like everyone else, I just happen to have a disorder that, when it is out of control, effects my appearance.  I’m still the passionate, pretty, creative person I have always been.  This is just how my body handles it’s environment; it is sensitive to what I put in it and what my mind is exposed to, and it has nothing to do with my worth as a human or my worth as a woman.”

I am 38, married with two kids now, and I have come to the conclusion that I struggled so much because I was trying to get my self worth from 1) my shallow, mentally ill, misogynistic family who doesn’t know what love and empathy is; and 2) a toxic, porn sick, sexist culture that also puts too much stress on women’s appearances and doesn’t care about whole health, individual beauty or real love.

I had a very difficult journey to get where I am, because I didn’t have anyone I could talk to or who cared or really loved me very much.  I had to do a lot of work on my own and let go of all the superficial, sexist and perfectionistic expectations other people placed on me.  I hang around much healthier, loving and understanding friends now, and I still try to take care of myself, because I want to feel good and live with purpose, but now I also give myself some grace and embrace who I am and what I need in my life.  I need a wholesome diet, special bodily care, compassion and understanding, love and support.

There is nothing wrong with you.  People with PCOS have a condition that sometimes effects their bodies on the outside.  Other people have conditions that may only effect them inside.  My sister is type 1 diabetic and she is the most stereotypically feminine looking woman I’ve ever met.. She is tall and hour glass shaped with little body hair and a pretty face.  She looks like a model on the outside, but on the inside, her body can’t regulate her blood sugar like most people.  She has to take insulin and take really good care of her body or she could have some serious consequences like losing limbs or her sight or just up and dying anytime.  Other people have cancer, or Parkinson’s, or allergies, or mental/physical disabilities.

PCOS does not make you a faulty human being.  How well you fit into an “ideal” does not determine your worth.  There is nothing wrong with you.  We all have something that makes us human.  You are just as good and as close to “perfect” as anyone else on this planet.
