I will say, this on your post, lol.  
A composite Kal-el MOLLYWHOPS goku. Not any of the goofy shit. Just any feat that is logically consistent, and valid with anything else shown from him. Kryptonians are a ridiculous species, and as shown, Kal-el has ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA what he is doing.   


He is woefully unprepared and ignorant of his own abilities, which is part of his character. He just... perseveres through grit, Midwestern protestant ideals, and farm boy charm, but coincidentally has a body designed to kill the gods of the universe.  


A couple of times, they show what happens when a kryptonian knows what they are doing, and the source of their powers. Basically they are in essence, 15th dimensional cosmic fusion reactors. They absorb just the tiniest amount of cosmic or food energy, metabolize it, and through said nuclear reactions, turn it into chi. That is stored in the chi dimension, and they, very similarly to dragon ball characters, manipulate the chi psychically, and convert it into energy.  


They have a set amount of automatic defenses and changes hardwired into their bodies, but can self-direct their own evolution using said energy.  
Them being higher dimensional beings, but also not divine beings allows them to influence their own space, which is why they circumvent laws around themselves casually. They are psionic in nature, but it takes a little time and awareness to phase shift if you will. Without wanting, needing, or conceptualizing the usual psionic powers, regular off world kryptonians just don't ever get around to using it in it's raw form. 

 \[Mortal is the wrong word. They are effectively immortal outside of red solar waves.\].  


Using their higher levels of power basically requires paradigm shifts. Kal-el being a corn fed country boy is somewhat of a materialist, He knows he has superpowers and is an alien, but they manifest as things like, super strength, speed, shooting lasers, etc.  
They can essentially use and do anything and everything being so high on the cosmic totem pole, but knowing that you can do everything and knowing HOW to do everything are worlds apart.   


The difference between kal-el and Dr.Manhattan is simply Kal's mindset. The reason Dr. Manhattan can't actually mess with him is because Kal is a trancendental being. He doesn't actually have the capability. Same with Mr.Mxyzptlk.  


Magic essentially only works on him because he thinks it's hocus pocus. He has every tool to be the greatest mage in the verse short of one thing, acceptance.   


  
\---  


Anyhow vs goku, right?  


The thing about kal is that his brain is ridiculous. His personality, I.E, how he perceives himself based on who he wants to be is simple. He's not stupid by any measure. Kal is a complete nerd, but he limits himself based on values. Think about it this way. Superman is CONSTANTLY trying to not be so super. The one thing that he doesn't turn off is his hearing, but even then he selectively ignores things he doesn't want to hear as well. Like, he ACTUALLY has autonomic control.  


That's the best part about being a kryptonian. One of their powers is super-self control. To the point of autohypnosis. If he wills it, eventually it will be done. Superman CAN punch a bad guy and not blow his brains out, because he is constantly in perfect control of his body, and its output, and he can bring his strength all the way down to human levels.  


Usually he doesn't turn his durability off, so he's always going to feel like getting hit by the hardest thing imaginable, but he does usually keep his pain, pressure and temperature senses on in casual day to day. This is why bullets wont pass through him, but he enjoys a hot shower.  


He even limits his problem solving capabilities. A lot of it is just because being a 13th level intellect is stressful, but the kryptonian brain is a marvel. Based on how much DC wants to hype the flash, they will make it so that in a mental aptitude game, he can lose, but, that's really a testament to the speed force allowing speedsters to concentrate on the level that solar-infused kryptonians can.  
Both of them perceive time in attoseconds.  
So learning things is essentially instant. DEEP learning. Not just rote memorization, conceptual mastery takes no time. He has eidetic memory, creativity that far surpasses the rest of creation, full recall, and senses that are in actuality a form of cosmic awareness pared down into normal human frames of reference.  


  


All that being said, Kal would download goku. All the techniques. All of it. Down to ultra instinct. He can SEE EVERYTHING. You think Granola is hell? MY GOD. Superman doesn't do these things because he doesn't HAVE to. It would spoil the fun, essentially.  


When batman gets Kal's powers, those are the times when you see just how insane it can all get. Almost everyone BUT superman ends up using his powers better, because he nerfs himself to oblivion.  


PIS off? No way in hell could Goku win. PIS off, goku existing shows kal everything he needs to stop relying on his "weaknesses".  


torquasm is basically a better version of migatte no gokui anyway.  
As good as saiyan transformations are, they don't touch the end scope of the kryptonian.  


H'el is a better example to use in fights against Dragon ball actually. His powers and personality are mature.
