Idk what’s happening in this thread, but I gotta agree with the other person who answered that the problem is that it’s an oversimplification: It doesn't address why people gained that weight in the first place, and therefore why they are likely to regain in if they even lose it. It’s also become the go to for edgelords who think they’re so smart for having figured out that “calories in calories out, dummy, it’s so simple, just stop eating too much and you won’t be fat!” I’m not interested in arguing with anyone who knows deep down that they only come to these kinds of subs to validate their undeserved sense of superiority, so if that’s you, thanks for the downvotes, it’s always a refreshing change from my usual, keeps this place from getting too boring you know?

My opinion is that when 70+% of a country is overweight or obese, it’s insane to see obesity as a moral failing of the individuals, instead of just what happens most of the time when you put a human in that specific environment. So what makes more sense: Helping those humans by acknowledging and empowering them to address whatever factors and influences put them at high risk of obesity to begin with, or parroting a physics formula to them and expecting that to somehow be enough? 

No one who criticises CICO does it because they don’t get the math; We do it because we think focusing that much on the math misses the point. And we can’t talk about CICO without talking about the narrative that is usually pushed along with it, which is that obesity is a personal failing that must be addressed as such, through determination and self control. This, first off, moralises an issue that shouldn’t be moralised; It places the blame on an individual who may not even be aware of all the factors working against them that are driving their hunger and their cravings and so on. So they will struggle and won’t know why exactly, and meanwhile they hear others who were successful with CICO saying “if I can do it anyone can!” which further reinforces the narrative that their weight problems are a result of a lacking character. This leads to self blame, worsens their mental health and lets the big corporations who make their billions hijacking our reward systems off the hook. Those same companies who lobby for guidelines and legislation that are specifically designed to keep customers confused and ignorant of how they’re being manipulated. 

Ignoring the bigger picture is also the reason why most diets don’t work, because without addressing the root causes that got them there and aren't going anywhere on their own, it’s unrealistic to expect any human being to keep the weight off long term through self control alone. Not saying no one has done it, just that it’s an unfair expectation to have in general.

All this to say, the better alternative to CICO would be considering the whole human and why they have the life style they do, instead of reducing them to a math equation to solve. 

CICO is appealing because it’s so simple, and we all like being told that a big problem has a simple solution. Whereas the truth is that there’s no one size fits all solution because for everyone the causes will be different - genetics, mental health, trauma, other health issues, addiction, hormones or metabolism that have been messed up, maybe by decades of brain hijacking processed foods, or by medications, or by yo-yo dieting, socioeconomic status, gut biome, working night shifts or having too many jobs to sleep properly and so on. 

I’m not saying CICO doesn’t have a place, it’s just not the end all be all. For example, CICO is good enough for me when I want to drop a few pounds after the holidays, motivated by the sheer terror that that downs upon my soul at the thought of having to shop for work pants ever again. But when we have an obesity epidemic, we really need to address the whole picture, not just the numbers.
