I've quite a few in a 2E game I run as a GM. I think 'Drop' stands out for me though.

In Middenheim, one of my players is dueling the Champion of Middenheim in a festival duel (not to the death or anything) and one of my players who plays a High Elf Mage with a few screws loose, is watching this unfold.

With the motivation that he would like to help out the other player, Galdrea the elf casts the 'Drop' spell on the Champion. This is done as subtly as he can, casting while whispering the words.

It worked, and the Champion is heavily bemused as his weapon drops to the ground. However, the elf player did not account for Ser Gado's honour. You see, the player he's helping plays a honourable Knight from Bretonnia, a slightly naïve one at that. He picks up his weapon, oblivious as to what is really happening, and challenges the Champion to rematch.

The Champ obliges. What happens next is hilarious. Galdrea attempts several more castings of Drop, which are all successful, however, the Champion has to fail a willpower test for it to succeed against him. While he failed the first time, he keeps passing every subsequent one.

Finally, on the last one, just as it looks like Ser Gado is about to be defeated, the Champion drops his weapon. Ser Gado is declared victorious. Slightly confused as he was losing, but none the less, he accepts victory.

However... Consequences are now in play. I make a hidden perception roll for an npc. This npc happens to be a wizard from the Guild of Magic in Middenheim. And he has detected what has been going on here.

Long story short - Ser Gado and Galdrea, the High Elf mage (also an ambassador to the said Guild of Magic from Ulthuan) are arrested and put on trial. Cue two sessions of me doing a court drama, and I make it interesting for my players by allowing those whose characters are not involved in the trial, to play as prosecution and defense while my npcs were the Judges. I make it quite clear to my players that the stakes are high here. The gloves are off due to the serious nature of the charge and that a quick trial is in the interests of the State.

Ser Gado, the Bretonnian knight, is found not guilty, having been deemed that he was unaware and oblivious to all of this.

Galdrea the High Elf is found guilty. Normally, such a breach of magical law along with the circumstances that they conducted themselves in, would result in their head being clamped into a vice and slowly crushed like a melon. However... because they are an important person (Ulthuan magical ambassador of sorts) they are given some leeway, not to mention that the Guild speaks up on their behalf. They must profusely offer their apologies to the Champion, plead for salvation of their soul by kneeling in front of the Statue of Ulric at the Middenheim temple after conducting a 'walk of shame' and finally, be expelled from Middenland, never to return.

I made it clear to the player before hand that this is what I was going to do, that he would have to make a new character for the campaign. He was quite happy with doing that, fully accepted what he did and we just all had a laugh about it. It still pops up in conversation now and again as 'Drop Drop Drop'.
