

&gt;If the vaccine is the first Covid-like antigen you encounter, your future responses to similar antigens (vaccine or virus) are pre-programmed to mimick the first antibody response. Meaning you will keep your sub-par antibodies and will likely never produce robust immunity via natural infection.

Interesting. Do you have any data supporting this claim?

&gt;While it‘s true that the vaccine buys some time, it just delays the inevitable.

What does that mean? If you mean catching covid is inevitable, i agree absolutely. But you the catch covid with a 3 times higher chance of hospitalization which is not a good sign, neither for you organism nor for all of us paying the receips.

&gt;What we should be doing is early treatment and prophylaxis.

I am all for prophylaxis. Which prophylaxis you know costs less than $20. Can be produced for the whole world in under a year? Except the vaccine of course.

early treatment is only possible if the system is not overwhelmed. Where i live during the last wave they had to postpone surgeries for cancer patients, heart surgeries for children and tooth removals which need narcosis because they needed the intensive care units which are limited.
Of course we should treat everyone as early as possible, but what could we improve on that front?

&gt;The vaccine neither significantly lowers viral load, nor does it shorten the infectious stage by very much.

depends on your definition of "significantly" and "very much".
The data I have seen shows that it does according to the common definitions.

&gt;If anything it enhaces transmission bc vaccinated people are likely less -or asymptomatic and unaware that they are infectious.

This might be true in some cases, but also a large chunk of unvacvinated people are asymptomatic and spread itbthe same way. The pattern you describe does not in any form dominate the overall data.


&gt;Reinfection cases are unbelievably rare, as opposed to breakthrough infections.

And we all can be very happy for that. But would you say that people that expercience vaccine breakthroughs really develop weaker immunity than they would have otherwise?
If true we should see a much larger reinfection rate among people that were previoisly vaccinated. But as far as I know no such data exists.
