&gt;This is not consistent. When you are telling a person they hold racist beliefs - which by the way is semantically equivalent to being called a racist - and that they have biases, you are attacking those people. It's ingrained in much of Western culture by now that being a racist makes you a bad person. You are calling them bad people. You might be saying it's not their fault that they are bad, or that everyone is bad, but you are still saying they are bad.
  

  
They are not being led to believe they are under attack, they believe they are under attack because they are under attack.

There's a significant distinction between being uncritical and unaware of a bias, and acting on a bias with the intention to cause harm. A bigot does the latter, but almost everyone has the former to some degree. That's what the theory of implicit bias is. 

Applying the label of *bad person* to literally everyone on earth who has ever believed something racist that their parents, school system or media has told them makes the distinction absolutely meaningless, which is why that's explicitly not what I'm saying someone is bad for just having biases. That applies equally to myself as it does anyone else here. I don't claim to be above it.

I'm just not attacking you when I say this, because it's not a statement about the individual, but about society and culture at large. Most people who hold progressive values aren't attacking you when they say this.

People's defensiveness about this issue is the direct product of lifetimes of being told they're under attack, that their character is being spit on, that they're going to be replaced, when the reality is fuck-all of that is happening. It's manufactured for the express purpose of getting more people on board with generating outrage against the mere *mention* of these topics, because even if 80% of the responses to these controversies aren't coming from outright bigots, a lot of the talking points are being crafted by them. 

You may not agree with me on Tolkein, but guess what? I just watched LotR in 4k a couple weeks ago and I loved it, god be damned. It's not perfect, and the issues surrounding orcs are as much a flaw as a couple weak scenes or wonky adaptation choices, but I can love it in spite of that *because nothing is perfect.*
