&gt;Speculation.

Your whole position is speculation. Can you address the argument?

&gt;So, you're going to ignore the fact that they lied for decades about the danger of smoking?

Which they were persecuted for. 

&gt;Look, you're obviously not debating in good faith here.

Non to be had, your point is absurd. You are comparing a self-administered drug produced by a company (That is paying a shitload of taxes) to another country, willingly letting a engineered virus escape and telling everyone "Nothing to see here". 

We are talking about officials making the conscious choice to let Covid spread around the world, just because they wanted to take a chance. The decision of one person, maybe a handful of men. And you compare that to half a country, deciding to take a fucking drug.

If you are unable to process the difference, I'll just leave it at that.

&gt;I can't even tell what you're claiming here. Iran isn't a nuclear power.

How old were you, during 9/11? The whole Iraq war started under the premised that the government was constructing nukes. Or, do you mean to imply that you believe in conspiracy theories?

&gt;I have no clue what your point is about OPEC.

You complained that Iraq and Afghanistan (Indirectly Pakistan, but that's still contested by you) didn't have the same economic leverage as China, bc countries weren't reliant on them economically. But they are, the world is far more reliant on oil and they are part of OPEC. You can get cheap labor anywhere, the rest of Asia, Africa, SoAm..

&gt;So, no, I don't see that as a valid example.

Right, the president of the country just pulled that out of his ass and there are plenty other explanation for the complete 180 on their foreign policy. Got it. You are hurting my head. 

&gt;Thank you for that amazing revelation, Captain Obvious.
  


Seems like it's not so obvious. Let's try this again: 

Why do you see positive reports on the head of the Chinese Party, which controls the media? Any closer yet? 

&gt;Politicians

Dictators are politicians now? 

&gt;referring to notes

Notes that contain the questions and answers? lol Man, I am getting the feeling that you live in north korea. or maybe texas? 

Imagine the fucking outcry if the New York Times have the questions to politicians, before the Interview. Let alone the fucking answers. 

&gt;Trump has done at least a hundred things that were ten times as dumb or worse

Trump admitted to staging his interviews, while visiting another state? Really? 

&gt;Remember when he tried to draw a new hurricane path on the map with a Sharpie because he's a fucking moron who can't admit the slightest error?

Remember when Xi didn't understand that he has to come up with his own answers, in an Interview?

Remember Xi letting people die in jail, for using the words "winnie pooh" to mock him?

So how this is getting redundant, really really fast?

&gt;I don't particularly care if you answer. 

Ignorant and proud of it lol
