&gt;I'm not going to argue with you why I am right or wrong

I'm not asking you to. I'm merely asking for you to present the evidence that convinced you a god existed after you seemingly were convinced no gods existed for an extended period of your life. 

&gt; I began learning about animism and polytheism (while still an atheist), and just..believed after a while. I don't know why.

That's not a valid explanation and you know that. A person does not come to the conclusion that no gods exist through rational thought and critical thinking skills and then one day just all of a sudden believe the opposite WITHOUT some significant empirical evidence that changed their mind. You cannot blame me or anyone else for taking you and others like as liars or at least being disingenuous.

&gt;I was a hard-core atheist

I'm not a "hardcore atheist" and you even using that phrase just feels like a typical theist pretending they understand what it means to be an atheist. We aren't focused on the god belief or the religious doctrine, we just care about holding beliefs for GOOD reason. And good reason is typically determined by massive amounts of empirical evidence that you can share with others and that is convincing enough to change one's position. 

&gt;My whole comment was about how people who hold your opinions often display a lack of empathy

And i'm saying there simply is no correlation at all. I have empathy when i'm in a position to understand someone else's position. But when they can't even articulate their position or how they arrived at it how in the hell would i be able to empathize? 

I'm willing to give YOU (although not OP) the benefit of the doubt that you are being genuine here. But my problem with you is mainly how you are supporting people like OP who are very clearly either lying about their experiences or have so little understanding of them that they come off as incredibly ignorant and arrogant. 

If you actually were an atheist who valued rational thinking and empircal evidence, great. 
If there was actually some big piece of evidence that convinced you to change your mind, great. 

All i'm asking is that you don't make comments on posts talking about how there are all these "ex atheists" without actually providing the explanation for how that would be possible. Because simply waking up one day and all of a sudden believing something different is a major sign that you 1. were never actually an atheist in the first place and 2. never valued empirical evidence or rational thought either. 

I'm just asking you (and anyone making claims like you) to make it make sense.
