I'm native Maltese who has now immigrated to the UK and become a British citizen. Whilst I understand your issues with some people in my home country, the way you phrased it made it sound like we were all alike. Obviously, in the following points I speak of my personal experience given that we are alike in our nationalities.

Since you have done me and everyone else the pleasure of discussing the issues with Malta, allow me to do the same with our shared homeland. The Maltese are obnoxious and loud but at least they are open and blunt with you if they dislike you. You said it yourself that people were clear with you that they disliked what you had to say. You have no idea how difficult it is for someone coming from a Maltese background of loud but clear opinions to face certain English people telling you they like you to your face whilst chatting shit behind your back. My mother has been reduced to tears by the catty gaslighting and bullying that goes on in the British corporate workplace. I have faced the same in school, university and work. You may say the same takes place in Malta, but as we are ignorant and small-minded, we shouldn't be hard to read for you, right?

As a European we dislike the English coming to our countries and gentrifying our countries into little Englands every summer and on top of that, insinuating we are savages because we are not as "refined". Would it be fair for me to plaster every Englishman as backstabbing cultural-colonisers and make a prejudice of every Englishman I meet before properly acquainting myselves with them? No it is not. It would be offensive of me to do so. 

I love my new country but it has hurt me in many new different ways I may never forgive. But I recognise also what benefits I have been given as a result of living in the UK and love the people for that very reason, choosing to ignore the bad FEW who have hurt me so with their xenophobia and other such issues. I am grateful for the opportunities I have been given by the UK and it has made me who I am today. I understand the Maltese are abrasive at first and different to Northern  European culture, but we are strong together and if you choose to create a family with your partner, you will know no greater warmth and fierce protection than our communities and families.

So, how could you slander my homeland for a mere percentage of its people and act as though you are better than them? My country and its "obnoxious" people saved your country as part of its colonies during world war two by taking more bombings than London and Coventry combined. Our cultural heritage was destroyed as target practice by the British airforce because we understood the sacrifice that had to be made for the greater good. 

Instead of talking about your girlfriend and friends to discuss Maltese behaviour from a positive light, you use them as footnotes to disguise how you really feel. Isn't every nation in this world blighted by its people? Our flaws as humans escape the bounds of nationality so what did you expect? I love England for all of its warts and if I hated its people so, I would leave and take my partner with me.

I assure you, the island will continue without your donations so if at any point we are too overwhelmingly obnoxious please do not feel restricted in leaving. The fact is, you enjoy the benefits of the island to an extent that it made you leave a significantly more developed country so I don't really see why you are complaining as you are the master of your own destiny here.

You cite the celebrity like culture for politicians and seem to forget that clown in No. 10? Please. 

Our country may suck but it sucked less than it did 10 years ago. And it will continue to suck less until one day we become "refined" and "uncorrupt". 

Yours (Britain) sucks more than it did 10 years ago. I dread to think of the future.
