1/2
&gt;first off, "answer 2 of these questions correctly"😂😂😂 you're wrong, your ps as you intended it is supposed to be 'answer 2 of these questions as i would answer them'. there isn't one way of answering those questions "correctly", there's only one way to answer them 'like you would answer them'. but why do you need that?


Ya the part that explains the questions is all a lie. If anyone actually read that and took it seriously they are not like me. I guess you could say that the correct answer is to analyze my post and answer every question accordingly as a way of giving me false hope that one like me exists. 


&gt;"deflects blame", "excuse to do nothing" i disagree... i think he shows the person what's the cause of the behavior. it doesn't change the responsibility but, it allows the person to understand and try to fix the cause instead of wrestling with the symptoms (example: take the flu, you get a fever, but that's the body trying to fight off the disease. trying to lower the body temperature might make the fever go down but can sometimes also exacerbate the underlying cause, the flu)


I only recently got into this guys youtube channel, and watched the "Gifted kids are Special Needs" one. And honestly I didnt like it because I know a few gifted kids who didnt experence burnout. So the target audience is gifted kids who HAVE experenced burnout. 


I dont really have the time to go in detail over everything wrong with this guy's youtube because I would have to respond to every video but if you want I could have you request one and ill tell you everything I find wrong with it. Allthough dont sabatage me and make it a charity vid.


And I dont like how you used the Flu example. When you have the flu your body goes through various changes such as an increase in body temp. When I get the flu I will not try to lower my  body temp but increase it as much as possible. Last time I got the flu I ended with large burn marks on my back not from direct flame but the heat. 


&gt;"quiet, smart, gifted, happy"/"how am i flawed"/"how are you flawed" quiet, i am like that and never thought anything to be wrong with it, never saw the cause. recently I found out some psychological bullying made me like that. I'm not saying this is the same for you, but there might be an underlying cause you're not aware of.


Ya I asked the question "How am I flawed, and How are you flawed" just so someone could say "If you are trying to find someone who is the exact same as you arn't those both the same question".


I would say my flaws are just that im too optomistic and I blame everything on myself.


An example of this is when I flip a coin I will criticize myself for not getting the correct answer, same with stocks, anything bad that happens to someone I know, or when someone else makes a mistake. I will blame everything on myself and I know its ignorant and stupid but atleast it gives me a reason to try to fix it.


&gt;let me ask you this, do you have friends? if so how many? would you care if they ceased all communication with you? smart gifted, I've been called smart and lazy ( turns out adhd, diagnosis last month). idk about you, but I've always said, I'm stupid... just like the rest of humanity


I allready have friends that have ceased communication with me. I think we just drifted apart over time but I still think they are great people. We still go to the same church also.


And FYI even if you didnt get diagnosed with ADHD you would still have it. It is a part of you so getting diagnosed with it changes nothing about you or who you are. Im pretty sure I have adhd but I am not going to get it diagnosed just so I can use it as an excuse on why I am the way I am.


Humanity is not stupid. Claiming so is your excuse to be stupid. "If everyone else is stupid its ok for me to be stupid"


&gt;. if you're as smart as smart as you say you are, can you tell me a reasonably feasible but different way of tackling climate change than the braindead "reduce emissions" thing? or how about, how can you fix a corrupt country without a coup? happy, I've been reasonably happy for the most part. happy playing my games and watching tv, internet shit... until I realized that it was mostly a coping mechanism.


The best way to solve climate change is to invest in new technologies that dont use fossil fuels. 


And its hard to fix a corrupt country without a coup. You are giving no information about anything, and anything I say is merely speculation. But the best way to fix a broken country is to increase civil communication.


And this is the part I dont understand. Why is it that all people who I thought were similar to me have to think that they are deppressed. If you are using the internet as a coping mechanism simply fix whatever you are afraid of and you will still go on the internet.


Saying that tv, and the internet are the problems when you are just using them as a coping mechanism is just you avoiding the real problem. 


&gt;disinterest/not caring there's not enough info to really say much, but for me, i noticed that basically everything you do in a urban environment doesn't really matter... you can take a job... but nothing changes for the company or people around you if you don't


Living in an urban enviroment sucks, im glad I live surrounded by trees and mountains and the solitude of nature. Im glad I dont need a college education to be making 135k by the time im 35, and I am SOO glad I dont live in a city.  


Get a job that encourages freedom of thought, and make connections within said company. You will go far.
