You think that if it doesn't make sense to you, then it doesn't make sense.

You really need to figure in how ignorant and arrogant you are so that *maybe* it can get through your skull that you're missing something.

I have absolutely no idea what incident you're referring to, but your incredibly intelligent argument seems to be the same. "That's dumb." You've *really* stretched my skills at debate with that one, gotta say.

Knowing absolutely nothing about what Biden said, or what he was talking about, I'm going to go ahead and answer you anyway, because you really seem to struggle to understand this.

We (Liberals) do not think Biden is a God, okay? We don't treat him like he's the messiah, we don't hold rallies for him, we don't buy his salad dressing, we don't worship him and defend him until our final breath.

Again, that's you guys.

Biden isn't someone that I consider to be very intelligent. He says stupid shit all the time. On covid, he had the worlds attention, so he didn't say anything Joe Biden would say. He said what the health experts told him to say. That was a very wise decision, because it helps to save lives. I don't expect him to do that all of the time, because that's not who he is. I wish he would, but I don't expect him to.

So, I don't give a fuck what Biden says, I give a fuck that he recognizes how important it is to follow the science when it comes to a pandemic. Really smart people have spent a lot of time working on stuff like this. Listening to what they have to say is a good thing. It's a smart thing. It's how buildings get built, it's how airplanes fly, it's how microwaves ... microwave, the point is that listening to smart people tends to pay off. Trump is not a smart person. He didn't say what health experts told him to say, he just made up shit off the top of his head, and figured that had to be the greatest idea in history.

Injecting bleach.

You're defending the complete embarrassment of a human being that suggested we inject bleach into our bodies for a "cleansing". Because that's how he understands bleach and biology.

You know how there's always a bit of truth behind every lie? I think there's a bit of an honest desire that you have to get your questions answered. I think some part of you knows that what I'm saying is accurate. I want to help that person, because I was there too, but you're just too stubborn for it.

Anyway, I just wasted more time on you, and I hate myself for it, so I'm going now.
