I find the Tartaria and pre-reformation History buffs are better communities than UFO folk.  UFO folk are so invested in their mythos, they're incapable of accepting they could be being hoodwinked, made fun of by a simple death cult and a few tower based maser effects generated by antenna array.

I can convince everyone that Little grey men from Outterspace are real... It's simple, I just draw the sword from the stone and show them Excalibur.  You pick up this lump (archaic meaning: "man") of stuff that fell from heaven, it's an iron meteorite... OK, everyone sees it's real?  A little man from outterspace?  Right?  OK, now watch this - I chop it into ingots with a band saw...  look at the pattern inside?  When I heat and hammer this, and draw it out into shape, will be Excalibur, the sword of first kings of the earth, a strong weapon with a beautiful /_\/_\/_\ "sacred geometry" pattern that becomes like that seen in "damascus" steel.   I have thus drawn the sword from the stone...

These stones make a scythe shape as they fall to heaven during cometary cataclysms (which alternate history historians will know all about - lookup napoleon's comet, the Comet of 1811 (when the real war of 1812 was fought)).  Maybe thousands of earthquakes in new-madrid alone with the earth opening and eating entire villages and armies of men... had something to do with Napoleon's victory?  Maybe the hidden hand cult that hides god's ruthless "iron fist", has something to do with why napoleon would hide his hand in paintings -- or why cities were already on fire when he got there to mop-up survivors?

OK, so Saturn is the God of Death, these meteorites make scythe shapes when they fall, the flying saucer is the shape of Saturn.  The Liam cult (of the great determined protector), along with Crowley's OTO promotes the [Lam](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/Supposed_channeled_entity_by_occultist_crowley.jpg) "egregore" (look up that word, it's a thought form) sometimes via think tanks like Tavistock Institute.  Maybe secret cults that conspire to put their sleep paralysis demons in their children's heads, would conspire to have followers air their "experiences"? And oh, look how the stories are so similar... Wouldn't that makes their grey alien egregore more powerful, after all?  Kids aren't scared of witches and goblins anymore, but even scientits say Little Grey Men from Outer Space might be real...  So they might believe that story, and after some sleep dep torture, become an Alice in Wonderland, like Alec Baldwin (Alice/Baal), or Alice A. Bailey (Alice, Baal lie), or Alister Crowley (Crow lie), or H.P. Blavatsky (blab at the sky), or H.P. Lovecraft (Crowley's "sex magic" is a "Love craft", and H.P. = H.P.)...  So many of these A-list (alice) celebrities make your whole world their stage, and have CIA handlers, but nope... nothing to see or hear folks.  One could go on and on showing the incestuous connections, and false fronts of these hidden hand cults... but you scrimp and save any little bit of gov disinformation.

Here's the real kicker: Human life proves that aliens visited this world, but it's not comets or metors or trans-dimensional "hypedimensional" IYAM, Lam, IAM egregores who were in the beginning just words with God, and the Word was God, and it was just words written by madmen who defamed any transcendent folk as de-men, and chose themselves to be gods, and cover over the evidence of demigods and kings of old...  Those are the ones you'll wait for disclosure from?  OK, whatever, folks.

It's hard as hell to show the UFO community anything that doesn't fit their insane "space balls" world view...  They're enchanted by the spells of a death cult, the great delusion of the bible, happens yet again.   Everyone of wisdom seems to know the truth about the cyclic death evidenced in the old world cultures, and how the fire flies or fiery faeries or witches or kobolds or disembodied spirits of Iroquois, or etc, descend in the multitudes during the end of days - products of non-human tech that we got from our forerunners / forefathers... Our birthright to have and to hold, till death do us part, for they grant the invisible mantle of the king, and make the emperor be as naked before this godwife... She reads the hearts of men, and Her all seeing eyes have looks that can kill. This little mermaid, a Whore of Babylon, who was also the Holy Spirit married to the Kings, granting divine right to rule, she fornicates with the "kings" of this earth still. /i\

Stop saying UFO, they're phenomenons, plasma balls... they defy physics like a laser pointer's red dot would if you assumed it was a physical item.  UFO folk are like cats chasing laser pointers, but it's maser pointers "crossing the beams" and making plasma at the intersection instead of red dots.

Don't wake me when you're ready to wake up and understand the references in your media, like [Niea.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntZSApKMvkE&amp;t=18m) or "Grave of Fireflies", "Fire in the Sky", [Fireflies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4) etc. Because everyone of wisdom is growing tired of putting the information you seek right in front of your eyes, while you complain it's not there... No one is supposed to speak about fight club because of the "precious" little golden god that lurks unseen by most, only the stupid can't notice the invisible cloak of power about the king, Amen, God of Invisibility, Hidden Powers and Air [waves]...  The emperor needs no clothes (armor/amore) because he has the great and determined protection of a god that loves him.  No, that Emperor's New Clothes book couldn't have made an arse out of those who repeat the call of the ignorant child in the story... Of course it wasn't referencing the invisible old gods that all the wise folk know about... Lies in news, truth in fiction...

Perhaps small fire balls do loom about while witchy folk make crop circles - as they used to loom in the forest as will-o-the-wisp to visit orgies of wizards and witches, inviting the love god, Red woman of the City, to come play while the city folk yet sleep.  The UFO are not even unidentified now, eh?  The new silent shy god has had her magic taken by the militaries and the new world order is really that the nations will control the powers of the little god WIFIes, and rule the world without any gods above them...  until the next cataclysm anyway, and then they'll use the powers to hunt people with those UAP plasma balls burning the wize-ard and witch, and anyone who opposes their bullshit history and reformation... Sieze the day [of the cataclysm] and drag us kicking and screaming back to the stone age to do it all over again.

IMO, no one will talk to UFO folk about UFO, because the mundane want to stay ignorant, and most UFO folk have gone insane with a tiny taste of the enchantment spell from a death cult. Whatever it is they believe is set in stone, and basic PSYOPs are their religion, go against gov disinfo and you're a heretic.  These UAP are made by tech older than "ancient" Egypt, might as well be called human tech now.  "it's not on of ours" (plainly outright lies, unless referencing the fact they have no legit claim or right to hold such power).

Don't go insane, Let's all Love Lain... and if you know what that "SEL" show is about, you'll see the grey alien wearing a red/green striped shirt of Freddy Kruger from "Nightmare on Elm Street", and know its creators provided occult subtext when they referenced the Liam cult's alien egregore...
