This is so crappy and ignorant of you to say. I have sickle cell disease and let me tell you I am only hospitalized like once a year or every few years mainly bc I fear running into people like you and the physician who made this thread. So I suffer at home. When in a screaming excruciating pain crisis I rather shoot myself in the head than have to fight for my life with people like yall treating it as “pain cant kill you”. Do you not know what a pain crisis is? I hate to break it to you but its not a paper cut. Its our veins squeezing together all over our body with blood cells bursting and shooting through them. It has sent me into strokes before. So the worser it is IT CAN KILL US!! Plus if you google “most painful disease in the world” sickle cell makes the top ten if not top five list! 

I have lost so many friends from this disease there are only two of us left. 

But tell me again your logical fallacy “well its worse in Africa and they make it!” you tell yourself whatever you need to sleep at night. You just better thank god its not you going through it and a prejudice doctor questioning YOUR pain.

Imagine only going to the emergency room once out of 365 days and still being looked at as if all of a sudden. . . You just woke up and said today is the day I am going to lie about pain, miss work and possibly get fired, abandon my kids, get an expensive medical bill all for a couple of doses of some funky ass morphine which we have to fight to get at that!  

I cant make this stuff up. Let me calm down before I get a pain crisis and my luck I get someone like you in charge of my care.

Mind giving me the name of the hospital you work at? That way if I'm ever in town and extremely sick I know to go dig my own grave before begging you for help.

Funny how its always SICKLE CELL you physicians question not any other chronic illnesses with “invisible pain” and we all know why. Y'all are just proving the studies on racism in heath care right. Especially with all of the ignorance you just tried to suggest and the OP  “Its always been my struggle with these patients” remark. 


But let karen come in with a headache you two would race/head dive for the fentanyl.
