I think this might be a learning opportunity, and I hope you take it, the same way I'm taking my time to try and explain why your two comments were problematic and offensive. When you voice offensive/racist stereotypes towards a group of people, some things happen, in this case, you achieve the three I list below:

1. You might hurt people. In this case, you got to add an extra shitty layer to an already stressful situation for someone that hasn't done anything to you. Learning to shut up the little voice full of prejudices inside our head is an opportunity to grow empathy. There might be situations where your comments can hurt someone you care about or it's relevant for your life and not just a rando. 

2. You reinforced a racist an offensive statement, and put it out there for others, that might have never thought of it, to see and repeat. These types of statements grow like a snow ball and usually come from ignorance. Yes, my country has had issues with drug trafficking, but did you also know that our airports are some of the most effective when it comes to detecting drug trafficking? Did you know our passports are some of the safest in the world, with features like eye scan? Are you aware of how much pain is connected to your cocaine comment for a Colombian? You probably don't. Please inform yourself, knowledge is the best way to fight hate and discrimination, both in huge and tiny (like this one) scenarios. 

My original post had nothing to do with drug trafficking, it was about asking for help and guidance regarding a lost passport, yet you took the opportunity to jump into an scenario where someone is smuggling drugs from my country. It was unnecessary and rude, it didn't add to the conversation at all.

3. You kept reinforcing your offensive comment with a fake apology. Sometimes, if you feel like you didn't do anything wrong, it's better to keep quiet if the other option is to use a fake apology to double down on the offense. Saying "sorry but..." is never an apology, and again, it brings statements grown from stereotypes and misinformation. Think for a second how would you feel if someone made an offensive generalization about your country (and oh, boy, I'm pretty sure you know what type of ignorant and horrible things people can say about your country), and then, instead of apologizing and learning, they came up with a fake apology where they put the blame on you and your country's history to stand their point, to keep believing their offensive and racist stance is valid.

Again, I really hope you take this as an opportunity to learn, we can always be better, we can always be more empathetic humans. I wish you the best.
