&gt;Lol OK but I'm very familiar with Savarkar, and how his fascism informed modern Indian fascist movements like the RSS. Literal fascism.

Everything you don’t like is literally fascist, next thing you’ll tell me is Modi is Hitler lmao. Why are whites so inherently stupid? You guys used enslave human beings and conduct human experimentation on coloured folks but please go on about how evil Savarkar was for a dude who was born in 1925…. 


&gt; your society still treats women incredibly poorly compared to other nations, and you can't try to blame other countries for that.

Right, okay, lmao. Because poverty caused by colonialism does not contribute at all to the appalling conditions of women. It’s not like our women didn’t even cover their heads before the abrahamic animals arrived with their purdah and hijab. 

&gt; You also can't escape the very valid criticism of dominant fascist ideologies, because those are home grown and very popular in India, dragging your entire country backwards

Here’s the thing, what your ignorant self construes as fascism is usually not. What now, CAA is fascist? Or is 370’s removal fascist now? Or is it that banning cow slaughter is fascist? What exactly do you even know about the Indian constitution’s directive principles of state policy that suggest all of these things? A constitution, which, btw, was written by anti Hindutva, low caste but highly educated man called Ambedkar. He certainly was no fascist, so why are we fascist for following the directive principles of state policy? 

&gt; We all know what happened in the Gujarat riots, we all know what the RSS stand for, we all know where the BJP is headed. Let's be honest with each other here.

Except you do not know what happened. What exactly triggered the Gujarat riots tell me? Was it the train full of devotees including women and children that was burned to a crisp by Islamists angry about Hindus having re-claimed their Mecca and medina equivalent? The Ram mandir? Why should we not reclaim our temple destroyed by Muslim barbarians? Tell me that? We did it legally, no Muslim was killed, we demolished it, the Supreme Court also agreed this was the site of the Ram mandir, so I don’t think an ignorant and illiterate white fella can tell me what is or isn’t right. 


&gt; 've had the good fortune of widely travelling both India and Sweden, and there's basically no comparison in women's rights and women's safety between the two. Sexual assault in Sweden covers everything from unwanted sexual comments upwards, and this is actively policed across the nation. Sexual assault is newsworthy in Sweden. In India, it's far from unheard of for children to be sold for marriage, and sexual harassment is so incredibly common it's not even mentioned most of the time.

Luckily I am lawyer and I know that sexually coloured remarks as well as molestation do come under outrage of modesty of woman, S. 354 A of the Indian Penal Code. I don’t think it’s actively policed as well as it could be in Sweden, I’m sure it’s better than india though, but the rape stats don’t lie. Also, in india, statutory rape is huge. Meaning, a man can be accused of rape merely by the fact that he promised a woman to marry her if she has sex with him, any consensual sexual inter course resulting from such an arrangement not backed by the promise of marriage itself will be grounds for the man to be charged with rape. 

&gt; Most of this comment thread is addressed at the primitive transphobia on display, and designed to aggravate what we all know is a sensitive topic for Indian nationalists.

Ironic because most Indian transphobia and prudishness comes from Victorian era attitudes of the English. It’s natural, those who rule you, naturally rub off their vices on you. Indians have never persecuted the gays. You whites used to put gays, trans and gypsies in camps and kill em, while in India, it is customary for Hijras to be invited to weddings to “bless” the couple.
