I recently moved to Medina (within the last 5 years) and I have to say that it is a completely different place than I expected. I had been there before for sporting events and even knew some kids from the area growing up. But the political and social climate was completely unexpected. The people of Medina, and generally the immediate surrounding areas, are quite possibly the most ignorant and uneducated bunch I have encountered. Its indoctrinated at a young age, so much so that I heard a 4 year old yell “Lets go Brandon” at a restaurant the other day, and the whole table laughed. I am not surprised by this “movement” or whatever they would like it to be called (what really gets me is the idea: lets hold a white supremacy gathering in front of a Mexican chain fast food spot) as it really sums up the population of these areas as a whole. A good friend of mine recently told me he believes that white people should have a month dedicated to them because in his words “Everyone else gets one, but they are prejudice against white people and won’t give us one.” I looked at him, extremely confused. He reiterated it again, that white people are being discriminated against and hated on and given unfair treatment because we dont have a month. I very plainly looked at him and responded “It is almost never a bad day to be a white person in America. Were your ancestors shipped here and forced to work as slaves because they were white? Do you get hate speech thrown at you everyday for being white? Are there violent groups rallying against you because your white? Do you fear unreasonable violence from law enforcement because your white? Was your right to vote non-existent and threatened because your white? Is it hard for you to find employment because of racial boundaries and biases because your white? Is your ability to go out in public with the person you love, in jeopardy and at times a dangerous risk, because your white? Were your people stripped of their land and forced to leave because you are white? These are all things that happened to the groups who have months, don’t be so ignorant and selfish to think they wouldn’t trade a month to not have any of those things happen to their people”

The kids are completely uneducated and every single one I have spoken with has told me, in their schools they are provided “tutors” who basically just give them the answers to tests and write papers for them, in order to keep the high graduation rate. This has lead to a group of young adults who cannot grasp simple english concepts or do simple math problems. That leads to them being more vulnerable to the potential brainwashing from the propaganda  in support of some really important issues. The age of misinformation is upon us and the people most affected are those with limited ability to form rational opinions on their own. 

 I am someone who’s opinion differs from many around me and, even coming from a bread-and-butter white suburb before, was shocked to see such blatant hate and ignorance. It seems encouraged by everyone around too, as though if you are able to accept people that are different from you, you go against your own people. When saying it like that, as opposed to using a race or religion or whatever demographic chosen for the subject, it sounds kind of ridiculous. 

I am definitely more open minded and have different beliefs than these people, and feel demoralized that this is the reality that we are currently living in. I cant wrap my head around some of the things that people believe and are so forth-right in sharing. I am just wondering how this gets rooted so deeply in people, this idea of color, or race, or religion, or sexuality makes up your entire identity, and you we should just group everyone alike together. If you’re an asshole, you’re an asshole, doesn’t matter what you would like to be identified as and it doesnt matter what skin or sexual preference or political view you have.
