The books are pretty long, and I would say the books are going to give you the same gist of a story as the TV show, but there are a lot of changes in the show from the books, and they feel very different because they are tonally very very different. There are a lot of elements, such as Rand and Edmond's fielders being much more ignorant and naieve while being good people that shines through heavily that was changed to 'modernize' and make the characters more palatable to a wider audience in the show, yet dozens of pages of the books will have this characterization, which to me makes the books way different. No character is the same in the books, all were changed for the show, with Moirane probably being the closest to her book counterpart, if a bit more severe and less Gandalfish(she is most definitely a Gandalf derivative in the first book.)

As another poster said though - the books are deceptive because of RJ's style of constantly wanting to refresh a reader's memory. In this way he was exactly the opposite of Steven Erikson in his Malazan series: Erickson literally never explains or refreshes lore and plot, where as RJ will, after book 1, spend a paragraph on almost every page, every single time a concept that was in a previous book comes up, use a paragraph to remind the reader about them. If you get this, and begin to just skim those rehashes, lots of the book, specially after book 4, will become half as long as they appear, as huge huge amounts of these books are just going to go over the plot events that lead up to that moment in the story. For example book 7 might go to Nynaeve's story, and spend a few paragraphs just reminding the reader about the journey to get that far, and then she talks to another character, who then gets a paragraph explaining who and why they are there. If you've followed the plot this is all unnecessary and you can skim it all in 20 seconds - doing this will save you over 100 pages a book after book 6 until Sanderson takes over and make the books fly by as though they are only 300-400 pages instead of 800+. No lie. 

If you like fantasy, you really do owe yourself the gift of the series, as while book 1 is a LotR derivative heroes journey, after book 1 the series opens up into itself and builds one of the more complete and robust fantasy worlds you will ever encounter, with a massive cast of characters, many of whom are very interesting, and a plot that twists and turns in compelling ways. The series does a good job of setting up and executing these massive climactic scenes and meetings of key characters that are very enjoyable to read - it's pretty much why everyone loves the books: is for these singular moments(post book 4 anyways) where huge huge events occur that make you want to get to the next one, usually with 600 pages of exposition before it, but the payoff is worth. The show will almost surely truncate all of this down into a 3-6 episode lead up with a major payoff episode, but it should be fun, but probably nothing like the books in truth.
