Oh no, I'm not offended, I'm just pointing out how absolutely fucking hypocritical you are in calling me ignorant and arrogant in the same breath. No, I don't deny evidence brought before me. Like I said, when I alluded to Double Time being more effective then Lightweight for mobility, I was shown the opposite and I effectively conceded. You're projecting so hard here that's it's almost funny. You're the one who's ignoring evidence in favor of taking a metric like popularity as "evidence" of Lightweight's effectiveness, when that's a purely subjective metric. 

No it doesn't, it only links to what is popular. There's a reason the word "underrated" exists and is commonly used to describe weapons that are less popular then people give them credit for. Lightweight in BO2 did not give you a noticeable difference, especially with the percentage of increase being lower then it is in Vanguard. I've never even seen anyone recommend it over Ghost or Flak Jacket because those two both grant actual noticeable effects rather then one that is minute. And even a 2.3 mph increase for SMGs specifically wouldn't even be that bad and would give Lightweight enough value to not to get outcompeted by Demolition alone. Very ironic that you say you have to experience a change in game rather then purely look at numbers, considering I already admitted this, and the same principle applying to your assertion that it would be too much. 

I didn't say you did, I pointed out the difference between the two in a relative sense, and why High Alert's unique effect gives it actual value that can compete in its class instead of a very small boost in speed that can be granted with certain stocks. Forward Intel is also a great perk, but it doesn't outclass High Alert because the latter's effect is still unique and more versatile, since it's not just useful as a way of gauging spawns. And no, if you look at one of the speed stocks,   
one of them grants a 8.4% movement speed buff along with heaps of other extra buffs.
