I don't understand how this of all Mythical's articles would be downvoted so heavily. If anything this should be the least controversial. 

&gt;Here’s the thing; if you’re reading about training, I imagine your intent is to take what you learn from your reading and apply it to your training for your own benefit.  It’s not an unreasonable assumption at least.  If this is true, wouldn’t you want to have the clearest understanding of the material you are reading to make sure that you are implementing the information in the most correct manner possible?  Why would you want to just go running off, half-cocked, unaware and poorly informed?  Especially on an endeavor you intend to spend years, if not DECADES pursuing?  Wouldn’t you want to make sure you were fully informed before you invested so much time and energy?

This is the thing that I will never understand about a lot of the newer individuals to balling/fitness. If you want to learn how to lift properly the best thing to do is pick up a book that's written by a strong ass dude. 

[In the Wiki we have 5 books](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kettleballs/wiki/index#wiki_fundamental_lifting_books_--_required_reading). Reading just one will give you enough knowledge to understand how to get big and strong. Reading all five will get you into a high percentile of understanding lifting before having ever lifted a single day. If someone is going to spend thousands of hours lifting to better themselves, why they're so resistant to investing effort upfront rather than asking themselves years down the line what happened is pretty mind boggling. The Science of Lifting took me an hour to read. An hour. 

My personal experience with this is seeing people ask the same questions over and over again in the /r/Fitness Daily Threads saying how they read the Fitit Wiki and it didn't answer [Their question that is clearly answered by the Wiki]. 

My personal opinion on how I should have approached lifting: read two of the books we recommend from the Wiki, pick a program, and lift hard for 6 months. After that then I should be asking questions on how to get better.
