“Not up for debate” = ego

“It’s not my job to know” = ego

I do work in data and I can tell you that when you look at a level of engineering on a time scale there is the innovation curve right

It starts off being some randomly weird thing and then some people have success and because everybody doesn’t follow this initial pattern bridges falling metal fails because they’re not following these initial processes of mechanical engineering.

This also comes from experience when you have experience do you know where our history works and you know how people who ignore history repeat history.

It takes people like me with patience to explain people like you with ignorance and ego that medicine is still very much a young science and it was barely 100 years ago that doctors refuse to wash their hands after surgery.

That the car was around for60+ years before we got seatbelts.

Then when many lives are lost and bridges continue to fail and buildings collapse the industry regulates itself saying hey we’re going to establish that all steel meets these requirements and we’re going to regulate the industry.

So now software engineering in comparison to say mechanical engineering or electrical engineering is invertible dark ages and many software engineers right now or somewhat considered wizards for how much work they get done and how little many of us understand how it actually works.

So no because I understand the industry that I work in I also understand that there’s a limit to what I know and so I’m patient because at some point you have to admit that I don’t know what goes beyond a certain point.

The smartest people I know I’ll get to a point in an explanation to where they say and that’s as much as human civilization knows about this subject.

It’s always the uneducated the ignorant and naïve and 20-year-olds who assume that everything can be known and everything can be perfect. It’s always the people with the PhD‘s in the masters degrees with 30 years of experience that say well that as much as we know as a civilization because our technology hasn’t been perfected yet we don’t know everything.

When you’re young and you think you know everything what you base most of your choices on is this… testosterone and ego.
