&gt;Men started almost every war, men have been the main reason for genocide,

Queens in Europe were more likely to start wars then Kings. Does this change anything in regards of how you view history? It should..

Which "men" are we talking about aniway? You mean the peasants or the sellswords? Or the people in power? If we do know for a fact people in power done horrible things regardless of their gender, then is gender the issue really or the corruptive nature of power and human's inability to resist corruption without lifelong preparation? Plenty of men also fought and died resisting genocide and futile wars, do they matter? Plenty of men in power raised their voice for equality and done good deeds to humanity.. Do they matter? Or only the bad things count, when it comes to "men"?

Do you pay attention to those women done evil deeds and started wars for selfish purposes, or your focus is only on those sacrificed their life for good causes? 

See, this binary understanding of history (men=bad, oppressive; women: good, victimized) that you and many others in your crowd possess is toxic beyond comprehension.

&gt;Men control religion.. 

Which "men", which religion and at what point of history? An other vague and massively over generalised claim..

&gt;men have most of the high paying jobs, most billionaires and millionaires are men

Why is that? Perhaps because men in general are more likely to sacrifice far more time from their life, often 60-70 hours per week and they are more likely to take risks..? Idk.. Just perhaps there's some deeper issues here other the just gender.. Again, overy simplified binary understanding of complex social issues won't do you any good. Who established/found those fortune 500 companies? Men. Women were "not allowed"? How many counter examples do you need to change your view?

&gt;men get to go to space first,

Nope, the first living creatures in orbit were fruit flies followed by Laika, a female dog, the next milestone was set by Yuri Gagarin followed 2 years! after by Valentina Tereshkova. Oppression right? Again, freakin' complexity!

&gt;men get to control womens lives in the Middle East,

Yes, let's help liberating women there. As long as there are valid issues people will rise for the cause. Though we are generally talking about the West here.

&gt;controlled by men in the work space, head chefs, fashion designers, owners of cleaning companies.

Yet again.. Why? Is it because of "oppression", or something far more complex?

&gt;Men get to have it all so guess what men also get to take a lot of heat for it.

Nobody "get to have it all". This is bullshit. Those people are there in most cases because they fought their way to the top or because they built something from nothing or came up with a revolutionary idea, not because they were placed there based on their gender. There are plenty of examples to show that when women are willing to make the same sacrifices and life choices, they do end up in the same positions. 

Is there bias against women? No doubt. It won't change, by placing more women there. More accurately, the bias will shift towards men as we see it in female dominated areas. It is - again - the nature of power and the preservation of it, nothing to do with one's gender. We live in a merit based hierarchy, if this wasn't true our society would have collapsed.

&gt;Men need to be better.

And women too. We live in a society and all our problems are intertwined. We all "need to do better" in order to increase the quality of outcome for all.

&gt;Women are living in fear of being rapped and kid napped,

Some women are. Some men are too. Or do you also claim that men "can not be raped"? Men are physically stronger then women. Men's abuse is generally physical, less covert/verbal/emotional. Women's abuse is covert, emotional, done trough speech, trough manipulation, trough blackmail and is less physical.. No, women are not saints, nor are men. The manifestation of abuse may show gender specific patterns, the prevalence of abusive behavior is not! Again.. COMPLEXITY! If women were stronger then men, do you really think, that physical abuse would still be done by men in most cases? Or do you think there would be significantly less abuse? If so, you are dead wrong!

&gt;men get to live as they so choose. Men get to be free.

This only proves how ignorant and biased you are when it comes to men's issues (i don't blame you for it though, i blame the worldview you subscribe to, your attitude is quite frequent). No one gets to be free". We all have to qualify. Ask the men living on the streets... Or ask the question, why men are increasingly far more likely to commit suicide, and why the suicide gap between the genders is widened in the past decade. Maybe stop parroting bullshit for a minute and start thinking for yourself.
