&gt;I have read most of those studies

I don't believe you.

&gt;Many of the studies left out many important variables like previous crimes committed

Variables that would be impossible to measure when cops let off white people with a warning and bring in minorities for misdemeanors. If the records are not kept accurately in the first place then you use what data you have access to.

Less complete data does not mean useless data. It just means it's pointing in a direction that deserves more study.

&gt; Among STEM scientists, sociology is not regarded as particularly robust, and that is putting it kindly. 

STEM scientists are progressively up their own ass about everything the further up the chain you go. Mathematicians think physics is watered down, physicists think chem is watered down, chem thinks biology is watered down. I've met chemists who don't believe biology is science and psychology might as well be fairy tales. They're stupid as fuck and so is your dogshit appeal to authority argument.

&gt;Furthermore, read what I said again. I was talking about minimum sentencing. Minimums are created through law, a judge has no discretion in that. So, to suggest that a judge somehow got around the law for white people is just an incredibly ignorant and stupid take.

If you'd like to frame this as Texas just not giving a fuck about lives in general I'd be hard-pressed to disagree with you. But laws in this country have what would look like highly variable minimum sentencing laws by state on the surface while they look highly congruent if you use different parameters to measure them. Race is one of them. Class is another.

Mandatory minimums are different across what crimes white people are considered to commit more often than other minorities, *especially* drug offenses. Cocaine, viewed as a "white person's" drug, has much lighter minimum penalties than crack, a "black person's" drug.

https://www.criminaldefenselawyer.com/resources/crack-vrs-powder-cocaine-one-drug-two-penalties.htm

This shit is widely known. It's not a secret, not only do different states place different values on crime based on race, they change their sentencing depending on class. Eric Couch, subject of the OP, is a particularly famous case of affluenza, and if you'd like me to not divide this down racial lines I can divide it by class lines. Eric Miller, who committed actually a less severe version of Couch's crime (only 1 dead while Couch killed 4) and was sentenced by the SAME JUDGE was given 20 years for his manslaughter DUI.

The decision to even give minimum sentencing was made by an inherently biased judge. It would be not only naive but laughably absurd to believe his only bias was class related, or that no other judges hold these biases. Judges are not gods, they are not machines, they are not impartial despite what their profession would have you believe. They are flawed humans.

Your denial and argumentative fallacies do not change that, and neither does your incessant and baseless accusations that I'm uneducated and ignorant. 

Go fuck yourself.
