I am not going to debate with you for any longer because in your second paragraph you are stating blatant misinformation that is not only ignorant and hurtful to womens’ shared experiences but it is also just plain stupid, and wrong. We can agree and disagree on things but i cross the line at statistically supported facts that are often denied by people in intentional and unintentional attempts to promote and uphold the blatant and utterly deadly misogyny that takes place in our society, so unless you are living in some fairy happy-go-lucky utopia world then you need to do some serious research and reconsidering. 

In case i wasnt clear enough, ill dumb it down for you: society does not prioritize womens’ health. Women are (in America, at least) denied abortion rights and consequently the rights to their own body, similarly in many cases of sexual assault they are denied validation that what they went through was traumatic and awful which is extremely detrimental to mental health (which they are often denied access to in the first place). Society does not prioritize womens’ safety. Women fear walking alone in public (for gods sake, being in public in general) for they understand the likely possibility that they will be catcalled, kidnapped, groped, sexually assaulted, raped … Any of these can happen to men, too, but statistical studies have proven that women are far more in danger of these occurences than men. Society does not prioritize womens’ comfort. The collective guilt and shame that women feel for nothing other than existing in their bodies and having female or female-presenting sex organs as a result from seemingly endless catcalling, sexualization, online sexual harrassment or feelings of pressure into having their bodies exploited and more is something that no one should have to put up with, but women experience it nonetheless, and far more than men mind you. Mens’ experiences with sexual harrassment are valid too. 

Please have the slightest idea what you are talking about before you speak. 

For reasons stared previously i am no longer replying to this thread. Have a good life.
