Silence, a commodity too valuable in desperate times. Beats, fleeing moments, echoed while uninviting cityscape. Towers erected in sandbox of houses, each sparkling as grains of dust soon to be blown away. Is house, now lost to horizon of glass and metal visible right now? There is no dust on sims, no wind lifting heavy clothes and jewelry as you peer trough mirror of an window outwards to setting sun. Stupid thick wall of mesmerizing fata-morgana.   


Avoid of light, nature and chatter in quadrata it felt so close yet distant. Single drop in the water, signaled the end of the beat falsely accommodating tradition. Staring at the receding sun, robust silhouette solemnly stared its gaze back. Why would he want to stay in a place that is so avoid of life?    
    
\- "Sir?" - screech arrogantly tore trough the air - "are you ready?"   
\- "No." - deep echo resonated from glass walls. - "I'm not coming down Mufti."   
\- "Sir?" - timid rasp voice of elderly man echoed back, fearfully.   
\- "I ... am sorry." - adamant disjointed words cut back at the lavish doorway.   
\- "Sir! Please..."   
\- "Halas!"   
    
Aggressively turning away from an empty sight, downing the light from the shadows, there stood an imposing man, covered in red, black and adorned in heavy jewelry. His shadow stretched eons,  covering up to shoulders an elderly figure struck at the gold arch. Finally, silence.   
    
Mind emptied, finger faded into pale shade as his fingernails tore into his palms, yet silence was there when words needed to break it. Baby blue eyes of elderly man framed by his shadow stood wide and panicked. Order was given, and after years of wars and turbulence finally peace was achieved. So many blood, steel, carbon and bones were sacrificed only to be met with this moment, to this consolidation to ensure future eons of peace.   
    
\- "Sir, if i may speak freely?" - with small steps, Mufti pushed onto shadow a bit, framing his gaze and eye color in darkness.   
\- "Go on..." - cold, heartless voice echoed with an cold gaze directed at poor mans soul.   
\- "How many kith and kin have been lost so far?" - a breath of an silence - "Too much to bury and too much not to be felt further on! This union of you and master is only way to stop it! Do you wish more blood on your hands?" 

\- "You speak soo freely knowing i had nothing to do with it. I fought at side of the Empire against demons of Belgiroth! Do you dare question my loyalty?!" - thunder struck as glass vibrated in rage.   
\- "Of course not! But we won, and we need peace otherwise more blood will be shed! Master Aalee is a hero of the war! You have fought together at many battles, saved many lives! Why resist it?"    
\- "Ten! Ten battles! It took 10 battles for him to mercy his ass into helping!"   
\- "Still... why resist it?" - elderly figure continued to push onto the shadow with each word.   
    
Silence took over air once again, now what seemed years counted in beats of water clock, pushing agency on right response what shouldn't be given. Truth that has no merit in political landscape since it cuts trough all stories and lies. Disgusting sight of an elderly man almost covered in his shadow pleading for his mercy but still standing strong and proud brought memories.   


\- "Do you know what is most important thing in battle? Its what we fight for..." - sigh pushed trough the thickness of silence. - "Long time ago, I saw a young boy crying over dead bird. Later, now a man, that person and me spent years over mead enjoyed smiling faces of people passing by. We were happy. Do you know about whom I am talking about?"   
\- "Sir, Prince has made his position clear in front of the court. He will not be wed."   
\- "I know him more than you can ever dream of!" - a smile broke trough in echoes of the room. - "kindness of his soul has no limits! He cares more for his people than he does for himself!"   
\- "I know sir, but.. "  
\- "How can you know? How can you understand his pain?!" - dark eyes flashed across the lighting. -"when demons came, he and i rushed towards to fight them. For every child, parent and cattle! That is why i fought for! Not for glory! Not for name! And definitely not for that pompous glorified goat header! Do you hear me?!!"   
\- "I do sir."     
\- "So how can you ask me why I resist? A delicate and clumsy man, whom I love, let me go for benefit of the people! How can I not resist? How can I not loathe the sacrifice he had made!"   


Shame, agony, rage and anger boiled trough his veins pulsing together with thunder. This wedding would bring peace, would conjoin the people and government, will do so much good, yet it feels so wrong. A pair of blue eyes stared back at him, with focus and determination. Unable to remain imposing due to sympathy for the old man, who only tried to do what is right, figure stepped away - taking his burdening shadow with him.   
    
\- "Well..." - baby blue eyes sparkled - "go get my stupid son then."   


A figure now in light, covered by royal colors with an familiar blue eyes laughing with the corners stood alone and directed. It pierced trough the vail of silence as a fresh hot knife, as king showed himself. Smiling, reminiscing about two dumb kids who used to chase each other over court yard.   


\- "You two, however dear to me, are sometimes most ignorant and stupid people on this planet. Go! And seek your happiness, people will rejoice! Leave goat herder to me. "
