Oh my, your situation sounds unbearable! I almost froze my eggs when I lived down in LA but didn't because I had no idea where I would be in 5 or 10 years. This sounds like such a headache and a I really feel for you. Hugs.

I took a screenshot of the search results from my insurance web portal which shows 0 providers taking new patients anywhere within my network. I'm so tired of my doctors telling me to call "the big list of doctors I should get if I just search online" 🙄 I was actually discharged from my women's clinic yesterday. The same one I've been going to for the last 10 years... because I requested sedation. They said my request was a sign that the doctor patient relationship was lacking trust and was ultimately broken. Just....WHAT? I honestly think they are just trying to cull their patient loads. And doing so in what feels like pretty unethical ways but I digress.

Regardless, I'm letting myself feel it when the waves of distress wash over me. It's worse when I try to suppress the sadness. Partner is helpful and understands I need to do this in order to get on with my days. Thankful for that!

The population here has increased so much and everyone is competing for what feels like the same number of providers, maybe even fewer with retirements and such, that have been here for the last 15 years.  

I am contacting clinics out of state at this point (ready to look into international 'healthcare tourism' options). I got my initial surgery referral from ORM and have ironically been referred back to them for additional workups for both my partner (just in case) and me. I can't believe I've already been on this journey for almost a year and I still can't see the horizon :( 

My labs have thus far always indicated I "have the fertility of a teenager" (still not sure how I feel about that wording, docs!) and all of the women in my family didn't start menopause until their 50s and many had cases of the "oops" well into their 40s. My maternal grandmother complained of hot flashes into her 80s and my mom's older sisters are in their 70s opening windows in the middle of winter lol. The more I learn about all of this the less I realize I actually know, so who knows, maybe these are signs of something else.

I totally understand people wanting to keep their painful stories private but I really wish I had SOMEONE in my family who at least has some empathy. Being told to "just adopt" or "just use a surrogate" is so ignorant and hurtful. I know these comments come from a place of love, they don't know what else to say, but I'm just like ..  ."have you ever heard of Google" because I guess I'm just super selfish for pursuing the only real options available to me. Adoption is super restrictive, expensive and also takes forever. Surrogacy?! Are you kidding me. 

This is such a lonely and isolating road to travel even with a supportive partner.  

Holy ramble, batman! Thanks for coming to my tedtalk etc haha.
