I'm explaining that very thing to you: racism is a serious problem based around bigotry and discrimination. It is often systematic, and when systematic disempowers people. 

To compare someone saying "lacktheism" or "online atheist" to a racist slur is to misunderstand how serious racism is. Firstly, neither are slurs. Secondly, nothing here impacts you in the way that racism and bigotry impact victims of racism and bigotry. Comparing the two through analogy shows a naivety.  

&amp;#x200B;

This isn't dismissive terminology. It's a shorthand description. I've not seen it replace discussion, or be used to try to shut someone up. In fact, when I see it I see it with people trying to explain why they dislike the position, and I've seen people use to refer to themselves. It's peculiar that you think it is dismissive, or that I am using it dismissively, since I routinely engage. 

&amp;#x200B;

Then you're selective about what you respond to: ***I care about one thing here: your ignorant and harmful analogy. The rest is fonder****.* I have said why I find it problematic, and what the purpose of my comment was. Despite this, you asked "why did you bring up your dislike of them?"  This doesn't address the criticism.

But also, I haven't brought up disliking anyone. I wrote:

* But let's pretend they did: let's pretend that they really disliked lacktheism
* The reasons people dislike "lacktheism" 
* But let's do the last step as well: imagine that we disliked lacktheists

Where here have I said I dislike lacktheism, or lacktheists? I've brought up the specific point that even if we do dislike lacktheism or lacktheists, that disliking would not be analogous to racism.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm happy to call you a complementalist. But I'm happy to all other people lacktheists, and I'm happy to call people "proponents of the psychological account." Why would you ever believe otherwise?

&amp;#x200B;

I want to conclude with a list of things I think you haven't addressed:

1. You haven't defended the analogy between racism and "online atheism"/"lacktheism".
2. You seem to think it is a tactic to dismiss people. You've not said how or why this is the case.
3. I've talked about reasons for disliking lacktheists. You haven't been able to defend the reasoning for disliking lacktheists as being analogous to defending racist reasoning. You did, however, ask a question irrelevant to my comment.
