&gt;Actually since this sub will now become a hate relationship with lol, it is a VERY VERY big topic among the lol community because many people comment that when they make new account to play with their friend or when they watch them play, they see them getting totally demoralised being destroyed and having no positive feedback/input because their opponents are smurf or the matchmaking thing them being lvl 30 mean they should fight people level 230...

Hate relationship with LoL, I see it just as a jaded sense of loss and inability to cope (actual cope, not the meme). Like, oh, MY cool video game universe is being tainted by this BAD video game. Which got old about seven years ago, but here we are, since fg genre is kinda behind the times. Of course, a lot of that can be simply countered with prompting people to look in the mirror proverbially, with their game or genre of choice - or just by pointing out they are either exaggerating or not knowing what they're talking about or misrepresenting arguments ("I was diamond in lol easily, it's an easy game" - ok, dude, you might be very gifted, is all).

Smurfing is a really big problem across the board, even in puny fg's, or more accurately, those that have enough players to make smurfing feasible.

It remains to be seen will they handle it in Project L. On one hand, more accounts - more money and all that jazz, on the other hand, people leave if the ecosystem is completely bonkers.

&gt;Many fighting game players pretend that casual are shit and bad and satan but honestly if you can't even have fun being trash playin with other trash, what is the point?

I will now be snarky, because many fighting game players for some reason are more insular than a 90 year old Okinawan fisherman. Things I've heard from fighting game players were sometimes completely insane, ignorant and weird. Of course, hashtag not all, however, I am talking about tendencies. I have noticed this with several groups, but not with majority. For example, you can observe a phenomenon of a "Blizzard player", who, surprisingly, since Blizzard made different games and was a really in-the-limelight company, sports the same insularity. 

But, majority of players (not talking about people who at some point in time might have played a video game, but regular "hobbyists") play all genres and have some basic, osmotic understanding of prominent titles in various genres, game design elements they can expect from respective genres and have played at least like three games from the genre they never play. On top of that, they possess some very basic general knowledge, ie install windows or put in ssd or whatever or this mouse is better than this other one because these numbers. I am not even talking about someone tech-savvy, I am talking about common stuff that is around you.

Then you see upper echelon of fgc being completely oblivious to bunch of these things. Again, not all. And deflection to that observation has been completely bizarre - for example, "they're boomers, how would they know". That's the argument for the opposite side lol. I couldn't google stuff in the nineties. I had to do interventions that are more complex than now (installing windows 3.11 or whatever, as well as collecting info about installing it vs installing windows 10), I had to deal with cracks, emulators, ms dos, disk space... I had to buy physical magazines and read articles in order to see what games came out etc. Even the adjacent factors go in favor of "boomers" knowing stuff. Because we aren't talking about boomers who never touched an electronic device, we are talking about a subset of them who basically pioneered "gaming". How the fuck can the argument go in the opposite direction? Try organizing a quake lan tournament in '99 - or a fg event, for that matter. Easier to do with fg event, but not as easy as installing strive on steam and just playing it.

However, you constantly see some blunders from those players when it comes to basic understanding of some highly popular genre or device. Not that it makes them "lesser", of course, but it's indicative of this insularity.

From this can stem a lot of repeated beliefs, misconceptions etc. The elusive casual often being one. The way I see some people on kappa imagine casual players, I don't know if Escher could draw those casual beasts. I have never met a casual, if we believe descriptions from kappa. That is very strange, since I met a lot of people who play games, casually or "hardcore". Like, hundreds. And I have yet to meet that casual kappa is talking about. I am not memeing or misunderstanding sarcasm or exaggeration when people describe casuals, I take all that into consideration, I'm not dumb. Yet, 30+ years of playing games and meeting people and talking about games etc. and not a single kappa verified casual.

And this isn't a kappa exclusive, just to be fair. You find this anywhere, like, if you go to apex subreddit, you'll find it there. However, it won't be a concentrated majority like here. But it does exist. I still remember  someone saying, I think on youtube, about Overwatch, how a mid-gm player doesn't know BASICS of the game. So, not "mid-gm player isn't good enough to go pro" or "compared to top500, mid-gm is significantly worse", nope. Doesn't know basics. Not even understand basics, but doesn't yet know them. "basics of the game" isn't a relative statement. So, yeah, you'll see that completely perverted notion of what is casual and what isn't and how far each of them go, everywhere. But on kappa it's a specialty. As well as on "fgc twitter", let's be fair.

&gt;tho I think I really suck

This is almost always relative and you have fallen into the trap yourself. What does that even mean? It means you suck compared to someone who doesn't suck. But, those points are completely arbitrary. I played basketball money matches "in the hood" and was considered godlike by the kids, "very good" by the city street players etc, but what do you think happens if you put me against a professional player? We can even go further and pick that professional from some underdeveloped league and it's still no contest. Do I suck at basketball or am I ok or am I godlike?

&gt;I still think that if you fucking force player to do a 632146 to do a super when the 63214 input is available, it is dumb and that we got too used to random input motion being used when there is a lot of command move who can be use with 236/214 + 3/4 button.

Inputs have a balance role as well. So, the first input takes more time and it might be that exactly that aspect was the goal.

Or, the first input requires you to sacrifice blocking twice, instead of only once with the second input.

a dp has you going forward. so, if you want to anti air like a chad, you have to "earn it", by risking those moments, because you forego blocking even if you attempt a dp and it doesn't come out. That's not the case with regular anti air button, which allows you to block for the entirety of the time before you press that button. But rewards for dp might be greater, like greater damage and positioning and knockdown and better hitbox/invuln etc.

Perhaps the input you are talking about is made as such just because, but in many cases, that's not the case and there's a deliberate balancing design behind it.
