&gt;I'm explaining that very thing to you: racism is a serious problem based around bigotry and discrimination. It is often systematic, and when systematic disempowers people. 

I strongly agree with you.

&gt;Secondly, nothing here impacts you in the way that racism and bigotry impact victims of racism and bigotry. Comparing the two through analogy shows a naivety.

[1][3]Yes it does. You say this as if atheists are not also a mistreated minority. You say this as if I haven't personally experienced mistreatment because of atheism. Maybe nothing here impacts you, but not everyone is so fortunate. Not only am I am atheist, but I belong to the LGBTQ+ community. That's why your dismissal is so frustrating, because not only does it impact me but I have a point of comparison belonging to another minority group with a history of mistreatment. Would you react with the same hostility if I was criticizing a comment about "online queers"?

Also not everything has to be a lynch mob. Somebody making destructive comments about the stereotypical mannerisms of a particular ethnicity isn't ending in direct physical violence, but that's still racism. It's not a the oppression olympics; intersectionality is a thing.

&gt;This isn't dismissive terminology. It's a shorthand description. I've not seen it replace discussion, or be used to try to shut someone up. In fact, when I see it I see it with people trying to explain why they dislike the position, and I've seen people use to refer to themselves. It's peculiar that you think it is dismissive, or that I am using it dismissively, since I routinely engage.

[2]If that's really the case, then you should have no issue granting a polite request to use a different term. You never answered my question about preferred pronouns. If I asked you to label to me as "they/them" would you respect my request? I suspect so. But you are knowingly refusing my requested labeling preference here. **Because disrespect is the point for you.**

&gt;Then you're selective about what you respond to: I care about one thing here: your ignorant and harmful analogy. The rest is fonder. I have said why I find it problematic, and what the purpose of my comment was. Despite this, you asked "why did you bring up your dislike of them?" This doesn't address the criticism.

It hard to take your accusation of selective responses seriously after you choose not to answer many of my questions.

&gt;But also, I haven't brought up disliking anyone. I wrote:

&gt;*The reasons people dislike "lacktheism"*

This is the reason the reason people think you're incredibly disengenuous. See, I never brought up that **I** think you're disenguous so you can't hold it against me?

&gt;I'm happy to call you a complementalist. But I'm happy to all other people lacktheists, and I'm happy to call people "proponents of the psychological account." Why would you ever believe otherwise?

Because you have repeated demonstrated the contrary. I made a request for you to use the term complementalist before and you ignored it. That was weeks ago so it is entirely understandable you would forget, but then I remind you here and you still refuse to do so.

&gt;You haven't defended the analogy between racism and "online atheism"/"lacktheism".

&gt;You haven't defended the analogy between racism and "online atheism"/"lacktheism".

See comments following [1].

&gt;You seem to think it is a tactic to dismiss people. You've not said how or why this is the case.

See [2], but to clarify further t denies them the preferred term of atheist, and it is done intentionally and knowingly despite their requests to cease doing so.

&gt;I've talked about reasons for disliking lacktheists. You haven't been able to defend the reasoning for disliking lacktheists as being analogous to defending racist reasoning. You did, however, ask a question irrelevant to my comment.

See comments following [3].
