&gt; A hormone banned in Canada. How is that fair to our businesses in Canada. And a hormone health Canada bans should be allowed into our country? Is that what you are saying.

Supply management has nothing to do with Health Canada regulations. We could get rid of supply management, have free trade in dairy with the US, and still not allow the hormone milk in if we didn’t want it.

&gt; By the way the non hormone milk is the same price as ours.

Wrong. The US milk price is subsidized and actually lower than what the market price would be. In Canada, tariffs, import restrictions, and dairy quotas all combine to send the price of milk way above what the market price would be. These are ceteris paribus effects.

&gt; If supply management was gone, a small town area with 40 local dairy farmers would be replaced with 1 or 2 corporations making their own milk. 

Great. That way economies of scale would be maximized and the price could be lowered even further.

&gt; Do you realize how many businesses would be out of business?

If you can’t compete, out you go. That’s how a market works.

&gt; What you would end up with in the long run is just way more poor people and a few more richer giant companies.

No, Canada would get richer as a whole. While a few uncompetitive dairy farmers would indeed have to change sectors, the fact that poor Canadian consumers would no longer be subject to a regressive price hike that doubles dairy prices would be a great boon to them. And remember, it is only because those uncompetitive dairy farmers were able to profiteer off their countrymen’s impoverishment that they were able to stay in business to begin with.

&gt; Myself, I’d rather see lots of hardworking people have jobs than people sitting on their computers in their basements **making money on the backs of fellow people.**

Well then you certainly can’t support supply management, because “making money off the backs of fellow people” is the epitome of what supply management is.

&gt; But I know the abolishment of the system is super ignorant and short sighted.

No, it is the objectively correct way forward that maximizes welfare for the most people.
