Friend, let me put this on the table. This is a fighting game. If you have some experience with fighting games like Mortal Kombat, Guilty Gear, Street Fighter and so on you will understand that some of these complaints lack base:

&gt;Highlander: the CCU changed him into a mean machine but they ruined everything

Highpander has always been garbage and he is not any less or more garbage after the CCU

&gt;Shugoki: So this is a bit of a toss up for players but after his rewrote he lost his best mixups for just a bash? Bashes are not the be all end all and it sucks that they did that for what? So noobs can pick up the controller and just hold it to play? They made him way easier to play and it’s like fighting a brick wall unless you know what to do to a tea and have a busted mixup or have a hyper armor or a side dodge like kensei

Shugoki never had anything, he gained a LOT from the reworks and by far one of the best examples of what a basic moveset paired with a bash can do to a character. Look at Warlord, he is basically bad Shugoki.
Learn the moveset, predict the next attack, right reads win the matches. This is the core of any fighting game out there.

&gt;Orochi: Orochi’s rework made him good, but again they gave a character a bash too? Not to mention it was feint able for the longest time making him busted with his undodgeable kit making him one of the best characters in the game for more then 3 months! 

Orochi was never the best character, high A tier at best with Shaman either ahead or super close depending on the matchup. His kit is fine, the only problem was the FDL being undogeable which was kinda stupid. His dodge recovery gave him so much more depth but the community is so ignorant and loud on how to balance the game that shit shows like this nerf and Gryphon's killed the flow of the entire character.

And yes, a bash, all other fighting games utilize pretty much the same mechanics for 70% of the rosters but they make it LOOK different and For Honor is no different. Every character needs a bash and if not, reliable unblockables and/or soft-feints

&gt;Few to mention: Raider rework made him basically unstoppable, his stamina was absolutely broken among other things you have experienced fs so I don’t need to explain.

Only his damage was broken, the rest was fine. His kit is basically Peacekeeper but big axe. The only thing differentiating them is how bad PK is in 4v4s but she is one of the best duelists.

&gt;Why talk about this? It’s because the devs are basically running the characters to 1000% and change them from who take skill and precision to use

This is straight up misinformation. The reworks are more on par with what other fighting games do to balance their characters. Offensive Prediction Based Meta IS THE ONLY WAY A FIGHTING GAME CAN PROGRESS.

As a final thought: This is dumb, you are not looking at facts and proper game balance, you are just commenting on how you FEEL about the heroes when it seems like you have never played a proper fighting game before. Now that the devs are turning For Honor into a proper fighting game and you're feeling how overwhelming it can get when you play against a high skilled player that understands the mechanics, you criticize it without understanding the bigger picture.

"But Mortal Kombat is a side-scroller and For Honor is 3D" - Outside of gank scenarios, every competitive fighting game carries the same principles. Offensive Prediction Based Meta ALWAYS.

Look at Shaolin for example, HOW DO YOU OPEN A GOOD PLAYER? His only openers are basic lights and heavies WHICH ARE REACTABLE and you will get paired and blocked. He is the worst hero in the game and needs a complete rework while maintaining his gimmicks

Oh, and you're complaining about how easy it is to pick up a hero and just play them. That's how other fighting games works as well, all you need to do is put 2 and 2 together and learn what buttons to press, it isn't rocket science
