There is sitting back with a sullen face and hearing the other talk and there's actually listening. I was asking which one OP believes she does. 

For example when he says something she believes is ignorant and absurd does she mentally roll her eyes and just think he's a moron or does she ask calmly, without accusing, why he thinks such and such. If his reasoning is feeling based she can isolate the part of the topic that is causing said feeling and ask him to dig deeper about why he has such feelings about it? This is listening and really getting to know someone.

The other way you just shallowly learn what they think they know, believe, or feel in the conversational way they are willing to talk about to anybody else. Like what he is saying to OP is likely the same response to he'd give to anyone because it is his current view as he knows how to express it and they are like a script he'd repeat to anyone else who'd ask the same questions and not ACTIVELY listen. 

She says she wants to understand him and know if he really has the intolerable to her views or if it is an issue she can discuss at length with him and come to a better understanding. But the way she conveyed it is that she just sits back let's him talk and gets emotional and this leads him to want to avoid such topics altogether as he does not like the way she is getting all heavily emotional over said topics in a way he can't understand. Probably because she's also not good at expressing herself and getting overly sensitive about the subject while trying to talk about it makes it worse.

OP expressed herself she doesn't know how to have such discussions and he stops wanting to talk to her about them because she does so in a way that brings his mood down. Also if she is not actively listening, then he probably isn't really feeling heard and just repeats himself until he's sick of talking about it. 

They are both young, and probably are a typical of their genders in her wanting to sympathiser and be emotionally invested in said topics while the guy just wants to quickly fix the problem. This is what leads guys to think girls are emotionally irrational and girls to think guys are callously ignorant. Neither feels heard, it becomes an argument almost, and she seems to shut herself out of the conversation and let him talk, which is why 'mansplaining' became a term in the first place. 

As women are generally more passive, and don't know how to express their opinion without getting emotional and combative. And guys when they feel attacked to any degree are quick to get defensive and rise to the fight. It is the most common pattern of an argument starting to what should otherwise be normal discussions.

If she really listens she could find out that the reason he feels people in bad situations can always "just fight back" comes from an abusive childhood of his from the school bullies who were picking on him and kids of his ethnicity and fighting back fixed the problem. Or it could be based on something else he was told growing up that is one of his foundational truths and he doesn't know how to view the topic at hand in any other way that doesn't compromise his internalized truth and he sure as hell ain't going to upend said truth over a history discussion he doesn't much care for and would rather drop the topic all together.

The thing about actively listening, is that the person speaking can learn more about themselves (which is why this is also a core part of therapy) and building a relationship on understanding as the one listening really learns about the speaker.
