The scientific evidence for lucid dreams, and research on OBE's. The scientific evidence demonstrating the validity of lucid dreaming is presented - if you choose to ignore it, or if you fail to understand it - that's really not my problem, that's you. It simply displays willful ignorance or scientific illiteracy on your part. Do you even know what lucid dreaming is by the way? It is simply becoming aware that you're dreaming, while dreaming. It existed long, long before it was scientifically confirmed, and I've experienced it many times myself. Lucid dreams have been scientifically recognised since the 1970's, their existence demonstrated in numerous independent studies. So my choice is to either be informed by the weight of scientific evidence supporting their existence...or your opinion, with the evidence this is based being "Dude - trust me". Now call me crazy, but I think I'm going to go with the scientific evidence thanks.

I'll say it again, because it doesn't seem to be getting through your thick skull: the OBE is indeed a scientifically recognised phenomenon. It is the *mechanisms that underpin them* that are scientifically debated, not that the experience itself occurs. You seem to keep suggesting that because you doubt people physically leave their body (which I do too by the way), that it somehow invalidates the subjective experience...which it doesn't. I don't tell lies, and don't like people who do. I have a PhD in ecological science and have published numerous scientific papers on a range of topics, and I'm also a psychedelic research collaborator. You don't have to believe me...I honestly don't care. But that's the truth. I just shared a selection of research studies that demonstrate that the OBE is a valid, scientifically researched phenomenon. Who said anything about the OBE being paranormal or supernatural? You keep trying to make ontological inferences about this experience, which I haven't done at all. Also "proving" the experience in what context? That the experience occurs is beyond doubt, it's not a mere anecdotal experience (just because it's subjective), as all the research studies clearly demonstrate - it's the mechanism behind that remains unproven. But they're different things, and you seem to keep conflating one with the other. Important to judge the experience not purely on its roots, but on its roots, and how and why it psychologically impacts people deeply, which it often does. My first spontaneous very brief OBE occurred while I was stoned...so what?? I've experienced it numerous occasions while stone cold sober. I don't see why that would invalidate the experience. And no I'm not a liar, as I've said before, I've had this experience on multiple occasions, as brief as the experiences were, they were very vivid and distinct from any dream or lucid dream experience - if you've not experienced it yourself, why would you have anything of value to share on this subject? It's akin to talking to someone blind from birth about the colours of a rainbow.

The degree to which I care about holding any water with you cannot be measured on the quantum level. Why would I care about someone as ignorant and scientifically illerate as you? I think your view is garbage, built on foundations of garbage. I think I would care more if you agreed with me, because then I'd know I was probably similar in mindset to you, which I'm very happy not being.

Do you believe that people dream by the way? Or is this just an unfounded ancedote?
