February and March of 1945 were drenched with literal fire, as Dresden was firebombed in Europe and during the same month there came the firebombing of Tokyo. On March 9, while the bombing in the Pacific was still ongoing, a holy man in Chicago was crucified.

His name was Fred Walcher and he was found under the L at Lincoln Park. He was nailed to a cross with five spikes and a crown of thorns. He was an optician from Austria who wanted world peace with something called "American Industrial Democracy"; he wanted a United States of the World with 1 representative for every one million literate adults.


Fred Walcher was an Austrian who rented a room in the basement of a bar located at 1638 North Halsted Street in Chicago. He was an Optician by trade. Walcher believed in universal brotherhood and was worried about the state of our civilization. His concern had caused him to start a movement for world peace called the "American Industrial Democracy."

Walcher originally claimed it was three strangers who did the deed, but the police, finding his story erratic, eventually realized it was a publicity stunt; in the end Walcher was fined for disturbing the peace and the incident was closed; Walcher was disappointed that people were not interested in his pamphlets.

Police also alleged Walcher was sympathetic to the Bund, a Nazi organization. This is fairly confusing because Walcher was also friends with Emanuel Bronner, also known as Dr. Bronner: soap entrepreneur, but also virulent anti-Nazi and anti-communist crusader (and a lifelong conspiracy theorist).

...

Emanuel Bronner was born into an orthodox Jewish family with a soap-making
tradition that went back two generations. (His last name was originally
Heilbronner but he changed it later for what are hopefully obvious reasons.)
Emanuel grew up to receive a soap-making master certificate and was enmeshed into German culture
but -- as he got older -- had increasing concerns about anti-Semitism, and eventually
went to the United States in 1929.

His family mostly eventually made it out of Germany, but Emmanuel's parents stubborn
clung to hope that the Nazis would eventually lose power and refused to leave
(they even had an opportunity during a 1938 vacation to Switzerland). The same
year as the vacation there came the Night of Broken Glass and the terrors to come;
they were forced to sell their business under Aryanization, and finally got
documents to leave the country at the end of 1941, but it was too late: they
were deported to and died in concentration camps.

When in American, Bronner moved to Milwaukee (the third largest
German population in the US during the 1930s) and met his
first wife, Paula Wolfahrt there.

Wolfahrt was a Catholic, Bronner was of course still a Jew, and
they had three children together that they baptized as
Lutheran. This is the first stirrings of his All-in-One philosophy.

It sounds incoherent spelled out on a soap label, but in essence the
idea is just: all religions should combine into one. While he was
at it, he thought all people should combine into one for global
peace.

Paula died in 1944; this was a "turning point" according
to Bronner and from then he became a "searcher for truth"
and gave himself the designation "Dr"; he claimed
that his earning $60,000 from six patents was a "sign of God".

A year after Paula died was the cross incident, and Bronner 
was there by Walcher's bed on the crucifixtion day; he said Walcher had claimed

&gt;...that people were so stupid and ignorant that something violent
was needed to awaken them.

Bronner stayed friends with Walcher; his ideas were integrated
into his as he gave public speeches. After a somewhat ambiguous
incident in 1946 at the University of Chicago he was arrested
(he claimed it had to do with his lobbying against flouridation of
water) and this directly led to him landing at the Elgin
State Mental Hospital. He claimed he was put to electroshock therapy
and tried to escape multiple times, making it out on his third time and
heading from there to California.

(Aside: flouridation of water began 
in the US in 1945 and was one of the central locuses of
conspiracy theories. It even ended up in the movie
Dr. Strangelove. /u/Georgy_K_Zhukov has written
more about this [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/6zfv35/in_dr_strangelove_gen_ripper_alleges_that/dmve7l9/)).

Note that as part of this he essentially abandoned his children -- the one
who ended up keeping on the family tradition most, Ralph, went through 15
orphanages.

In Los Angeles he started selling health products, including
 “Dr. Bronner’s Organic-Mineral Salt” in 1953, and roughly around then also
 making soap. By 1961 he had a factory at a rate
of ten gallons a week; and this is roughly when the new design started
to be made as the label wasn't catchy enough. (In other words, there was a _bit_ of calculated capitalism in making an eye-catching rambling label.) The label didn't obtain its blue-and-white look until 1968
when the company made a deal to give 100,000 bottles in Israel (the
deal fell through, the design was kept). The label went through many
iterations -- according to *Esquire* in 1972, the text was changed every month --
and while a 1978 article claims Dr. Bronner converged on a "final text" the
1972 *Esquire* article claimed the same. 

&gt;Perhaps that is why he revises them so often, even holding up a shipment of orders while he throws out thousands of already-printed ones, agonizing over the rewording of the tiny print, then exultantly announcing, as he has time and again, that the new one is the final, ultimate version.

I haven't found a comprehensive document detailing the endless fiddling, but
the claims roughly converge on:

- Lots of quotes talking about All-in-One, the merged super-religion.

- claims that Dr. Bronner was Einstein's nephew (not true)

- bizarre statements like Thomas Paine's books not being taught since 1799

- claims about "Easter Isle" type overpopulation that will "destroy God's Spaceship Earth"

- rambling about "Nazi-Psycho-Communism"

&gt;...ready to help teach the whole Human race the Moral ABC of All-One-God-Faith! For we're All-One or none! ALL-ONE! ALL-ONE!

The odd thing about all this is, despite the popularity amongst hipster leftists, the general conceit is a very right-wing one: essentially what Walcher conceived so many years ago, having peace through having a world government, as opposed to a diversity of countries having everything merged. Simultaneous to this the far right was opposing the UN as a crypto-world-government, so maybe Dr. Bronner simply is breaking the left-right directionality altogether and shooting off into his own world.

Dr. Bronner was most definitely a true believer, and kept evangelizing about All-in-One until his death. He was willing to talk with anyone who would listen. The reporter William Poundstone for his book *Bigger Secrets* once found a poster given away by the company (sort of a super-extended version of the label) with the direct phone number to Dr. Bronner; he called and Dr. Bronner not only answered personally and went on his typical lengthy diatribe.

At the very least, the company was and remains devoted to "benevolent capitalism"; 70% of its profits are donated to charity.

&gt;Teach the Moral ABC that unites all mankind free, instantly 6 billion strong &amp; we’re All-One.
