Yes I agree with you 100% Biden's initiatives and actions are really good, if he intervenes with states or with the justice department directly then he becomes the authoritarian that the orange cockroach was. it does not matter whether the interference is for a good reason or a bad reason. But what we can all do is vote vote vote and increase the majority in both house and senate so proper legislation can be done without worrying about the filibuster.

And don't forget the states, vote vote vote for democrats because while both parties want the power, the democrats want the power and want to do good, the republicans want the power and want it absolutely, and they only serve the wrong people like the ultra rich and the NRA.

Look at how many Democratic governments helped the economy (and elevated that standard of living) and how many Republican governments ruined it (and lowered the standard of living). Look at Democratic run states and compare them to Republican run states in standard of living, health and wellness, education, and so on. So I wish most people would stop repeating like parrots the messaging that the republicans put out. The reality is Democratic governments are good for the country, Republican governments are bad for the country.

Go more democratic and the ignorance of Americans will be replaced by education, the narrow sightedness will be replaced by critical thinking and wide scope analysis, and the standard of living will be much better. Drug prices will be comparable with global prices, medical intervention will be available for everyone, and the amount of homeless will diminish, guns will be regulated properly, a woman will get the right to choose, people can actually make a living working one job and get rich working two. 

Now, most Americans are ignorant and uneducated, the standard of living sucks, drugs are out of reach pricewise, unless you have insurance, homelessness is unbelievably high, guns are in the hands of the undeserving more than in the hands of the people that actually care about safety, a woman cannot chose in many states (and increasing), and most people have to work two jobs to just eat and sleep under a roof. Sorry, but that is the reality.
