spiderman no way home take place right after the post credit scene in far from home. peter and my go to peter apartment to get away from the crowd only to realise helicopters are watching them and broadcasting them live on tv. after they get interrogated, peter, mj and ned realise that they got denied from the university they wanted all because they are/ are friends with spiderman. to change that, peter goes to doctor strange hoping he could cast a spell so that the world doesn’t know who spiderman is, but he messes up the spell. not aware of the consequences, peter goes to talk with one of the head teachers of the university so that him and his friends can get in but doctor octavious comes and fights peter. peter quickly hacks doc ock’s suit and gains full control of him, then the green goblin comes and sets of a bomb and runs away soon after. peter then meets up with doctor strange again to find out that people who know that spiderman is peter parker from different multiverses came to his universe. to fix that peter is told to find everyone who came from another universe so he captures sandman, electro and the green goblin (doctor connors was already captured along with doc ock who peter captured previously). peter finds out that some of the captured people died in their universe. doctor strange proceeds to cast a spell that would send them back home but peter realises that the captured people would die so he steals the item which doctor strange used to cast the spell. doctor strange fight peter for the item which results in doctor strange being stuck in the mirror dimension with his magic ring stolen and given to ned. peter takes the captured people to happy’s apartment to remove their powers so that when they get home, they fate would change. green goblin disagrees and convinces everyone to also disagree. then they fight but green goblins kills aunt may. ned and mj were in meds house with no way to contact peter so they are worried and unaware of what happened. so ned uses the magic ring to find peter but accidentally finds andrew garfield. he tries again but find tovey maguire. ned, mj, tobey and andrew all go to peter and comforts him. then they work together to make a cure and fight the villains. after they win and cure everyone, they send them back home and peter asks doctor strange to make everyone forget that peter is spiderman to that people from other universes who know peter is spider won’t come because there won’t be anyone who know peter is spiderman. doctor strange casts the spell leaving everyone to forget peter including his friends. peter initially decides to tell mj what happened after she lost her memory, but seeing that ned got into the university that we wanted and everything was going good, peter decides it’s probably best if they didn’t know. the end
