I started answering from the bottom and as I went up I realized that there is not point in this anymore... it wont matter how much information I give you or how many research papers I link, you will only believe what the government says and be happy about it. Even using their own words and statistics to build a case against them wont make a difference in your eyes because its not being told to you by a government approved authoritative source. Starting to seem like you, and many like you, have been trained to only listen those in governmental power and reject anything that didn't originate at that source. 

Here are the parts that i did address, seemed wasteful to just delete it...

&gt;That link shows that just over 60% of the population has been fully vaccinated. That's nowhere close to the 80% goal.

The goal has always been herd immunity with literally any virus ever in existence even with this one until now it seems and they estimated it would require roughly 80% for this virus but its nto the same for every virus... Either way we are there based on statistical data especially in the demographic of population that the virus is actually impacting.

Based on the [CDC's own tracker](https://covid.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/#vaccinations_vacc-people-onedose-pop-5yr) 87.7% of people at or older than 65 Years of Age have been "fully" vaccinated. With 72.6% of people at or older than 18 years of age are "fully" vaccinated. That 61.6% of the "total population" includes all of the people that even you agree should probably not be getting the vaccine anyway, it also includes the demographic of people who have not been impacted by the virus in the slightest. Again, looking at the [CDC's own trackers](https://covid.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/#demographics) those at and under the age of 17 years old are highly unlikely to catch, fall ill, or die from this virus so forcing them to take this drug in order to "protect themselves" from the virus in order participate in society or go to school is extremely ignorant and unscientific.  

Then we factor in the percentage of population who have caught and survived who would now have the natural antibodies which is another 12% give or take...

So if we blow away the FUD, those who would be most impacted by the virus (65+) are above the 80% herd immunity. The group who are being impacted significantly less (18-64) are also over the 80% herd immunity assumption if you factor in the 12% of that age group who have natural immunity from catching it(72% vaxx + 12% nat immun = 84%) give or take.

&gt;Yes, exactly that's my entire point about the vaccine. There's no significant studies presenting any evidence of long term adverse side effects from the vaccines. Anyone who brings this up as reason to not get vaccinated is misguided or fear mongering.

But there are no studies that present any evidence to suggest they are safe either...? You actually believe that taking away an individuals means of providing for themselves or their families if they don't take this drug is totally okay.. even though we don't have long term studies to ensure the vaccine is safe? Does that not sound evil to you? 



Honestly we can do this forever but at the end of the day, the people who are in favor of mandating this vaccine for any reason are morally bankrupt and have to deny a lot of science in order to justify their position.
