I really needed this today. Thank you. Things have been really difficult these last few weeks on top of learning to accept whatever is happening to me. My doctor was very kind and comforted me when I started crying, talking about how much self doubt I am dealing with worsened by the actions and words of other people.

I am sorry to hear about David and your other friends. I know he would be happy knowing that you still love him. I know what you felt seeing the person that preyed on your friend still visiting the areas David worked. My late friend's SIL found the address of the dealer that preyed on my friend. He was just a little kid. He had so much life ahead of him just for it to be snuffed out over a single bag of fentanyl. I did my best to teach him how to be safe. About hot spots, how people fall out easily after being sober for even a short period of time, I got him narcan and taught his family how to use it which his friend ended up stealing and using because he thought it would get him high- they were young and ignorant and I saw myself in them. I tried getting him into treatment multiple times. You can only do so much. 

Please try to allow yourself to let go. I have never stopped mourning my friends. There are so many things I wish I did. Maybe if I didn't cut contact with X, he would have called me when he came home before calling his friend. Maybe if I allowed Y to continue staying with us after he got out of the hospital, he would have at least had a place to stay where people knew he was using and actually had narcan. Maybe if I stopped calling his phone when he was reported missing, someone would have been able to pinpoint his position on GPS. Maybe if I visited him that last time when I knew he wanted to see me, something would have changed. Maybe this maybe that. It'll drown you. While I have accepted that I did what I needed to do to keep myself and my partner moving toward the right track, the pain is still there. Always in the background. If you are unable to see a therapist to talk about what happened with your friends, there are meetings specifically for friends and family members of addicts. You do not need to have any relation to drugs, yourself. It is different than NA and AA support groups.

I found that the main things that helped that were free were talking about my friends to people that didn't know them. Talking about the good times. Remembering how they were good people in bad situations. And writing letters to them. Originally, I messaged my late friend on snapchat for... god... months... before I checked one day to see the messages had been opened. I later found out that snapchat has a bug where it marks things as open if it's been a certain period of time since the user hasn't logged in. I'm hoping that's the case. But even if it wasn't, I hope his family saw how much I loved him. Writing out your feelings and burning the letters helped. It felt freeing. There is a complicated feeling of guilt and remorse associated to when you are an addict that used with someone that ended up passing away. Regardless of housing them, feeding them, listening to them and holding them when they felt so fucking broken, supported them in getting sober, you still feel like a toxin. It's part of why it haunts me. But I know my friends loved me. Their secrets will die with me. I know what I did to help them and I know it was appreciated. I know what they did in turn. They were good, good people. Such kind men. Complicated, but beautiful, generous, funny people. 

It gives me comfort knowing that we don't truly disappear from this world until the last people that knew us pass away. I hope that whenever I talk about these tragedies, people see that there are real people affected by this epidemic. I don't want people to give up on us. Once the last bridge to the life you once lived before falling into addiction is gone, it makes it so difficult to come back. So, so difficult. I cannot find the words to explain how thankful I am for the people that knew what was going on and didn't push me away. I am also thankful to people like you that see how complex this problem is, have been personally affected by loss, and haven't closed their hearts.

Happy holidays.
