What reason would I have to lie about this?  

I was so excited when they announced the vaccines were being rolled out. I was waiting to be eligible to get my shot when one of my Facebook friends posted a story asking if anyone else has experienced heart palpitations and chest pain immediately following the vaccine.. 

No one replied but then I researched it and it turned out people around the world were suffering the same. 

Based on this I decided to wait for better long term studies and shortly after heard about blood clots from the shot in the media and that solidified my decision to wait. 

The way people have commented sarcastic and really snarky dismissive and straight up rude replies on my comment when all I'm attempting to do is have a discussion about this in a polite manner is really disheartening. 

I hope you guys don't feel virtuous or in the right for reacting this way because this type of behaviour is ignorant and short sighted. 

As I said before, please go ahead and prove me wrong with facts, statistics and evidence that show's your contrary objective opinion is correct. 

I don't want this jab to be having bad side effect. I want it to be efficient at granting those who take it immunity. The statistics and FACTS as of now show it is not even remotely efficient for this purpose. 

It does prevent severe covid-19 syndrome in many, which is a positive. 

All Im attempting to ask are the undiscovered and unknown short term, intermediate term and long term side effects from the shot a price worth paying for something that doesn't stop the spread? 

You do realize that Pharmaceutical companies are well known to engage in deceptive marketing, non-disclosure of known side effects and have been responsible for unforgivable crimes that have already altered the fabric of our societies? 

Purdue marketed Oxycontin as a non addictive safe pain killer for the masses and before they were taken to court, it cost the US alone tens of thousands of lives. Sickeningly, they still made multi billion dollar profit after fines were settled. They are objectively the beginning of rampant opiate addiction and the cause of the opiate epidemic. Fentanyl becoming so rampant presently was driven by so much demand for Heroin caused by the amount of new addicts from big pharma's prescription opiods.

This is just one of many examples of pharmaceutical corruption. 

If you truly think huge companies like Pfizer and Moderna hold the lives of citizens over profit, Ive got a bridge to sell you.
