There are so many other verses as well


1 Peter 1:25


25 but the word of the Lord endures forever.”And this is the word that was preached to you. 


1 Thessalonians 2:13


13 And we also thank God continually because, when you received the word of God, which you heard from us, you accepted it not as a human word, but as it actually is, the word of God, which is indeed at work in you who believe. 


2 Peter 3:16


16 He writes the same way in all his letters, speaking in them of these matters. His letters contain some things that are hard to understand, which ignorant and unstable people distort, as they do the other Scriptures, to their own destruction


2 Timothy 2:15


15 Do your best to present yourself to God as one approved, a worker who does not need to be ashamed and who correctly handles the word of truth. 

Ephesians 6:17


17 Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. 

Hebrews 4:12


12 For the word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart. 


Romans 10:17


17 Consequently, faith comes from hearing the message, and the message is heard through the word about Christ. 


James 1:21-23


 21 Therefore, get rid of all moral filth and the evil that is so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you. 

22 Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says. 

23 Anyone who listens to the word but does not do what it says is like someone who looks at his face in a mirror(this means not applying what we've learned is vain or worthless)


2 Timothy 3:15-17


15 and how from infancy you have known the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus. 

16 All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, 

17 so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.

It is not my intention to imply anything by sharing some of these scriptures other than the implication on the topic of our discussion.
