Check out ["Female education and its impact on fertility" by Jungho Kim, 2016](https://wol.iza.org/uploads/articles/228/pdfs/female-education-and-its-impact-on-fertility.pdf)

The only public policy and aid intervention that reliably drops a population's birthrate is educating girls. Communities with stubbornly and dangerously high birthrates are ones with high female illiteracy, where women simply do not have anywhere near the educational and occupational opportunities as men. In such a community, becoming a mother is really the only way forward for most girls. Mothering is the only pursuit women have for competing with other people and vying for social status, and for feeling a sense of personal accomplishment.

Educated women, who can do any job a man can do, have options for both social and personal fulfillment besides mothering. And in communities where this is the norm, these other options are often a whole lot more fun and attractive to young women than mothering. So they delay having children, and end up having fewer of them, if any at all.

The lowest birthrates are seen in communities that are very highly educated but poor. Eastern European peoples are perhaps the best examples today. In some ways if you're doomed to poverty for the rest of your life, it's better to be ignorant and dull, because at least you can continue to believe that someday things might get better. If you're well-educated and bright, by contrast, you are well aware that you have no chance of escaping your situation, and understand exactly why. This is a source of great unhappiness and pessimism, and is not at all conducive to wanting to have children. It simply doesn't make sense, and you can't see how it ever will.

For similar reasons, poor and corrupt places with low educational levels tend to be "angry" places, where revolutions happen frequently, but the new boss is always same as the old boss, and the people who support revolutions are not well educated enough to see the greater pattern of promises made and promises broken. By contrast, poor and corrupt places with high educational levels tend to be "sad and despairing" places. They see apathy, not revolution, because everybody *knows* that any new boss they put in power won't be any better than the clown they've currently got.
