I just can't get over how incompetent he is. He picks a random stray basically and can't keep tabs on her so she gets blackmailed by her former master and he has NO idea or cares to check until it is too late. I do believe that he fell for Rashta's innocent and naivety more than her beauty. And these reasons totally feed into how his relationship with Navier is broken in a sense that she doesn't rely on him emotionally openly as he desires partially because he's an idiot who can't listen and she doesn't take shit from anyone even him. And partially because she is so caught up in being a perfect empress, and you can see how much it affects her when she overhears that she is going to get divorced by him. She has been molded into a prime example for the role and it is a huge part of her identity. Their marriage was arranged and they grew up together more like friends than anything since they never experienced romance beyond this very preteen level or with others. Which probably explains her slight regret after contemplating that it hurts far more than she thought despite dealing with him taking in a mistress for like a month at this point. And we've seen how Sovieshoe reacted. He reaped what he sowed and took their bond for granted and didn't talk to her at all about his plan and even more importantly the reason for this batshit insane plan. This story is so complex and the characters so flawed and human. I always feel like I'm reading a very different story compared to other people lol. 

It blows my mind that there are  people who mis-remember that Navier gifted that dagger to dunk on Rashta and her child when it was Duke Ergy who planted that thought into Rashta's head. I mean Navier could have explained but didn't care to cause she wants nothing to do with Rashta but also what could she possibly say to convince her otherwise?(I'm sure YOU know people like this) So she just smiled and nodded and basically went take it however which way you want. Yes it is haughty, yes it is rude but are people forgetting before their social statuses (which she must maintain to keep the court stable while Sovieshit is letting Rashta run amock likely subconsciously to mess with Navier so she comes and cries on his shoulders) that this beach showed up out of no where and stole her husband? Isn't this just the cliche of the villainess appearing as a villain from the ignorant and innocent daisy female lead's perspective when the real villains are the homewrecker and can't keep it in his pants male lead lmao? Perspective yo.
