&gt; At this point, I think you’re right, I do not understand your argument.  However, that’s due to constantly shifting goal posts, constantly shifting importance of sources, and you desperately throwing shit at the wall hoping something sticks and agrees with you.

Where have I shifted goal posts? Link a specific example. My arguments have been consistent, the post is a long form clarification of my argument. I have not shifted importance of sources either. I have at least attempted to provide proof, which no one else has even attempted to do. Not even a direct quote from an actual expert. What is happened is that people like you are misinterpreting and straw manning my arguments because you can’t fathom the possibility you are wrong. Anytime I ask for proof for the claims made you use typical cop out techniques. Very scientific thinking going on in your heads!

&gt; You said that Nuckols would agree with you.  We asked him directly to chime in because unlike you, we actually know something about this, he knows we know something about this, and he likes us.  He took the time to respond and yet, you persist.  At some point, and I mean this genuinely, realize that when all the people who are really good at something are telling you a thing about something you are not as good at, just maybe they know something you don’t.  You act like you want to learn or be smarter but dig your heels in harder than wile-e-coyote.  You weren’t banned for being a moron, you were banned for being a moron and then continuing to be a moron.

So the fact you assume you are better than me and know more than me is another vector for a strong argument? And you don’t see the logical fallacies in that thinking? Greg nuckols did not refute any of my arguments. The fact any of you think that is a clear indication my arguments were misinterpreted and straw manned. 

&gt; Furthermore, You keep acting like this is some sort of debate, with rules, where the logical fallacies apply.  They don’t and an appeal to authority is fine because they actually have authority and at some point, you could be less stupid and ignorant and are purposely choosing not to.

Logical fallacies do apply and I’ll make a few so you understand why there important. The fact you don’t have a PHD in sports science and don’t have a 2200 total means you have no authority on this subject. The fact there is no available evidence to prove you wrong means I am right. The fact you are incredibly stupid, biased and dogmatically possessed also means I am right.
