&gt;	I would bet anything, if you took people who struggled to pay their bills on $8/hr and suddenly gave them $80/hr, they’d be in the exact same situation in 3 weeks.

I know this is intentionally hyperbolic, but it really shifts responsibility in a problematic way. Massive amounts of debt cannot just be explained away by people having no impulse control with their money. The amount of normal, everyday expenses people have are increasing relative to income regardless of how well you can budget. People with no money aren’t just ignorant and impulsive spenders. They are taken advantage of because people have to sift through more and more predatory marketing schemes than ever. 

People in 1800 didn’t drive around in Jaguars because they were financially sensible people. They didn’t drive Jaguars because Jaguars weren’t an option. They literally had no way to acquire enough money to buy one. Now banks and creditors hand out inappropriate amounts of money to people left and right because long-term credit card and car debt is normalizing. The people taking on the debt have responsibility for their finances, but it’s disingenuous to frame the debt issue like “they just need to stop spending” and the problem ends. The market is not benign.

I know it’s anecdotal, but I made about $9/hr in my first 6 months out of college and absolutely struggled to pay for things, including a few bills on credit cards. Then I got a job at $25/hr and I literally didn’t change a single spending habit for the first year and still ended up with several thousand dollars in savings even with a car payment and student loans. I literally just bought whatever I wanted and still couldn’t outspend the income. 

&gt;	Which is why so many jackpot lotto winners go bankrupt so quickly. If you can’t manage $10.00 you’re not going to be able to manage $1,000,000.00 dollars

This is a pretty debunked narrative. There’s no actual study that supports it, and most studies show the majority of winners end up with more money 5 years after winning. The bankrupt lottery scary stories are outliers and rarely come down to simply uncontrollable spending impulses. A lot of them involve family. But broke lottery winners are more an artifact of sensationalized “news” turned pop culture, like chain emails.
