1-Hadhrat Abu Bakr (RA) definitely consulted the Sahaba regarding his desire to appoint Hadhrat Umar (RA) as his successor. One person objected that Hadhrat Umar (RA) is too harsh. Remember, the prediction of the Holy Prophet (SAW) is that the companion Khalifas are the righteous ones. After them the Khalifas become disobedient and rebellious. We have absolutely zero say in election of Khalifa today, we are only told to pray &amp; accept the result whatever it is, after the secretive election takes place behind closed doors. And these people are not even companions of Hadhrat Masih-e-Maud (AS) and you want to compare them to the noble Sahaba (RA).

2-It is not correct. It is understood based on the history books that this 6 person group asked the Muslims of various places for their opinion on the matter. For example it is related in "History of the Khalifas " by As-Suyuti that Hadhrat Abdur Rahman (RA) said "I have researched among people and I don’t see them regarding anyone equal to Uthman". It obviously means he went around to see what the people thought. We Ahmadis have zero say in election of Khalifa. It's not even close. Stop implicating holy righteous people in Islam to suit your own selfish objectives. Is it any wonder why people are leaving religion in droves?

3-Most Ahmadis don't have objections because they have become weak and ignorant of their rights due to the oppression by Nizam and Khalifa and mischief makers like yourself. They need someone to give them strength, confidence and knowledge after so many years of oppression by Nizam and the likes of people like you.

4-N/A

5-We cannot make these changes by our own whim. We must follow a process to make proposed changes (to the constitution of election of Khalifa) and discuss among the appropriate decision makers and then approve the changes. The problem at hand is that nobody cares (and isn't allowed) to make any proposed changes because the people in control like the current way of election of Khalifa happens, because they can control who can and can't become Khalifa as they have been doing after the Khalifa III.
