I understand that people are not born this way. This is learned behaviour brought on by ignorance that needs to be addressed.  I was really trying to convey that to the woman who was stealing and being aggressive. (I know I referred to her as a feral in my original post - I was angry because I had been assaulted by her, but it was wrong. It conveys the wrong impression that I think I’m better than everyone else and superior - I honestly don’t) That is why the first thing I did was remind her that there were Families with children present - to wake her up to the gravity of the situation and the fact that her actions would pass on to the next generation that were witnessing her and her partner carrying on like they were. 

I didn’t go in there saying what I thought about her appearance and I only made the “Get a job like everyone else has to” comment after she made the excuse that she had mouths to feed. I have mouths to feed as well, as I’m sure you do too - I don’t go out and steal. 

I don’t completely agree though with the notion that the woman who was choosing to steal and getting threatening and violent towards staff and customers should be portrayed as the victim because that further pushes notion that this person is docile and cannot be held accountable for her actions - that’s not possible.  Unless someone is suffering from a mental condition or has an intellectual disability or is under the age of 18 - if they carry out actions that are detrimental or make choices that are not beneficial to them, they cannot then be free from the consequences they then face as a result. There cannot be one rule for some and another rule for others. That isn’t fair and it makes a mockery for the rest of us, like yourself who probably does the right thing naturally, regardless. I can tell you’re a good person and I’m sorry for my words offending you - I need to learn to convey my words better and address the situation more clearly, I’ve probably come across as ignorant and morally superior and I’m not that way at all. I know I probably made the whole situation worse and I look back and think what the hell was I thinking? I wasn’t thinking at all. I’m ashamed to say that I’ve been trained in the past to defuse situations and everything I said was wrong no matter what I said it made it all worse - I was about as good as petrol on a fire for that situation and I’ll admit that. It was stupid what I did and I did it all in front of my niece as well who I also am the carer for so if it had gone wrong I would’ve made her and my daughter be without their mother and aunt for Christmas and if it had been very serious that could’ve been my last day that day so I really need to start waking up to the fact that not everyone has the same response that I do or place the same level of respect and value to the things that I do so it is not worth expecting the same response in return. 

Thank you so much for your kind words and I wish you and your loved ones a safe and merry Christmas and all the best for the new year - I wish you all the best.
