Your idea is interesting and the supposition is reasonably ... not supported but perhaps at best insinuated (hill not worth dying on). I wasn't saying otherwise. But factually it is more speculation than was my point, it does assume its own veracity, contradicts the author, and it's weird to draw lines in the, hmm-ahhh, sand, as if with testosterone laden piss by claiming, "that way of organizing information is more *disrespectful* than the way I've attempted to do it, heathen!" Geez lol. Relax. Disrespectful to what? You? Neither of us are dolts either and we're both familiar with the entire work. Like you say, interpretation and all that is fluid both on the parts of a reader and an author. So again, relax, because I'm not coming to take your Mightiest Dune Fan Pendant. Lol. "Disrespectful." Gosh, the position must be quite fragile if simple arguments against are treated like blasphemy.

**Be fair and admit that your original point was that Herbert mixed up Halleck's and Idaho's backstories.** That's what I addressed. When the foolishness of that was questioned, suddenly it's now become about retcons maybe, or intentionally inconsistent details used to develop a story (which is congruent with what I'd said actually. It's *not* with what you'd said however, so thank you for supporting my super obvious point.). **Your condescending rebuttal is both a red herring and a straw man, and I think that's more disrespectful than reading a book or discussing it is.**

You didn't mention cannon of course so forgive me for referencing that sort of common debate as an example of the ways people try to establish what is and isn't "genuine" to the storyline. Seemed like an intellectual such as yourself would have taken that as it was intended.

&gt;I'm not saying it's not canon. It can be canon and inconsistent, or canon but originating as a mistake, or canon and a retcon.

So, agreed. Just none of those things are the same as "the author forgot." No? Even "originating as a mistake" means the mistake was realized and then capitalized on wilfully. It can't be a retcon because nothing else was ever established prior.

I concluded with something like "whether it was planned or evolved as the author and story matured I don't care, but asserting the author accidently wove such a focal part of a focal character's origin/motivation in is ballsy. And arrogant." All this, "you're like a religious zealot and a fool hanging on to the words of this guy like he's a divine prophet is the epitome of idiotic" stuff is misplaced and, Frankly, no pun, insulting. But, a red herring has no other goal does it? I did say I just love great storytelling and don't mind layers and evolutions within a story when they *fit* so well. You're being a little weird about it tho. 

Not concerned with Farok. We are discussing main characters who span book one to book six.

The brief statements about Pardot and Liet are interesting. But they are brief and vague. Did Pardot the character evolve into Liet? Maybe so. In your estimation the same as in mine one evolved into the other but I appreciate how that happened in the artform of storytelling while you're actually the one hanging on each word like orthodoxy is The Only Way or something.

"Deeper meaning." Hmm. Well, it's about mechanism. As someone looking for a way to sneak around the final draft's clear declaration that Idaho had such and such a history by citing other authors' logical and illogical mechanisms it's surprising you seem to miss the central mechanisms Frank's whole universe were based on. I like Dune so much because it's an extension of one very insightful man's conceptualization of humanness all the way from how he wrote it to what it ended up being. It's super good from inside to out. Thought you'd agree lol.

You can see the traces of his mechanisms throughout the whole production. Can't remember where the first draft was published most recently, was it *Dreamers of Dune?* That short story about some Duke's off-planet son falling into a spice blow or whatever evolved into the Dune universe. "Paul and Pardot" evolved into "Leto and Liet" as the voices of the outer world who came and injected their offworld seed into the ripe local legends and visions and all of that. Halleck's juicy setup evolved into Idaho's action potential.. believably, as pointed out previously. If the shoe fits wear it. It's not about "deeper meaning," what are you a third year philosophy student(?), It's quite clearly about literary mechanisms. Funny how we both seem to acknowledge that but since you need it to *mean* the author simply mucked up while I think it's just a part of that particular story's mechanistic evolution I'm the witch to your New England Parish lol. Damn Bene Gesserit whores amaright?

It's the mechanisms of the storytelling. It became a brilliant series beyond a compelling novel because it evolved as the author's ideas evolved. They were always based on his own notions of the mechanisms that contain time, space, and therefore people therefore our famous indomitable spirit.

Dune is the modern Gilgamesh. It's the modern human/demigod/god(?) apotheosis or, conversely, "divine right to rule ... into decay" story thing. It explores the inherent yearning to "talk to fate hoping for a favor" thing our species has always embodied that inspires legions of folks to do this or that for awhile before everything inevitably blows up and crumbles, dragging all its servants back into the evolving entropy from which they came.

Like reality as we know it, Dune evolved into what
It became. Where you see literal foolishness I see the exploration of universal mechanisms a guy developed as realistically as he could that clearly all fit together by their end. Then, when you backtrack and talk about evolving concepts in storytelling and mechanisms or retcons instead or whatever, it's curious why we can't be allowed to be on the same page and I have to be a hippy fanatic or something. Seems disingenuous.

When you say FH forgot who his characters were my eyes can't help but roll nearly out of their head. It really does *sound* like when folks split hairs over canon in order to miss all that's relevant. When I say, well, seems like he was intentionally evolving concepts that make up the whole mechanism of this story's telling that transfer or overlap rather nicely dunno why indignation is the primary response. 

It's great you've got technical knowledge of the series. Kudos. Try to discern the forrest past those pesky trees however. Paul and Pardot begat Leto and Liet so characters like Duncan and Stilgar could serve them while not serving them at all but instead slowly come to realize one shouldn't blindly serve a charismatic leader, and we're all doomed to die anyway, species be damned but also exalted, do your best unless/especially when it's your worst, Amen, everything's fine but no it's not. It's all seamless paradox and that's why it's so good. Acknowledging that details fudge and overlap is great because that is how the story was told, but accusing the author of not being aware of it to sound edgy and enlightened is not as impressive as may have been desired. Two people often have come from the same place. Giving Halleck and Idaho that similar background motivation FITS seamlessly into the whole story while your proposition doesn't. Own that and your points might offer more than cluttered details.

Tl;dr

I don't think Duncan was nobleborn like you speculated. It's a cute theory, but Frank did not establish it in any real way. If he *did* hint at it, like you said and like I do not see good reason to *believe* that (blind belief being that thing you projected onto me intending mockery), he still later established concretely Idaho came into himself on Geidi Prime. Say what you want, but I'll take the author's intention instead of yours without being called ignorant and gullible, thank you. Lol, the unintended irony. You think the guy didn't have editors and notes and outlines? Lol what? Glad you enjoyed those tired clickbait articles but I insist the story speaks for itself in its own words, and that it does so on purpose.
