I tried really hard to give our government a chance at doing whats right and protecting us, but its clear that we still don't have a chance. The world as a whole failed due to ignorance and selfishness. We as a province and population did pretty good the first couple waves, but i think its pretty clear that it was all luck. And we have now run out of luck. Its time for us to think about ourselves and do whats best for our own households. The government is doing bare minimum work and putting themselves ahead of everyone else it feels, while they dangle the carrot of freedom in front of us.

Sucks to say, but theres nothing else left to do except keep doing what we've personally been doing from the start. Stay clean, distanced, masked and get vaccinated. We should try to stay home during large waves if we can, but we need to understand that this is probably forever now. We are going to have to take more risks than we have been taking the last two years, but its what we have to do if we want to have a somewhat normal life anymore.

 If you aren't willing to take any risks now, then thats a you problem. If you have family that needs support, be there for them. If you need to let loose and have a night out with friends, go out, bring your mask, and sign in at the contact tracing booths and go have fun.The show is a dog shit show, but it must go on. We've thought about others long enough now, its time to be bit selfish. You deserve to, assuming you've been doing what you believe is  right this whole time.

Signed, an ignorant, and uneducated idiot who had their personal opinions swayed since March 2020 from the propaganda machine, the lack of logic from our governments, and the deterioration of my own mental health and well being from caring about others more than my own self.

Ps, if anybody feels like they can sway my opinion towards a different or better angle, by all means please reply. I'm pretty open minded, its just that everything I've seen has made me depressed and feel hopeless as a society. I've given up on other people.
