&gt;And still people are more willing to trust memes and bullshit spewed from politicians than they are to trust the overwhelming majority of scientists.

You must realize that for a while now a bunch of people just say "science bitch" and then run away as if that wins them an argument right?

It's to the point that when someone says something like this, for many people, myself included, it rings bullshit detectors immediately. 

In my case, if you told me that, I would throw out your opinion immediately and ask for actual evidence.

In my case it took a bit of reading through various materials from various actually credible institutions and just logicing it out to form an opinion.

In other peoples cases that might not be what they go search. They might want community backed support because *that's all they've ever done* and they trust them (we'll come back to that*.

In fairness to them, when I went searching I will admit most of the stuff I read came across as gibberish to me. I could make  sense out of some of the methodologies and the outputted result, but I can still confidently say I have no fucking idea how MRNA works/is produced, and neither do any of the annoying asshats on reddit who post simplified explanations so simple they literally explain nothing with smug happy looks on their faces as they hit post.

Given that, for me it was more a game of game theory. Both the virus and various vaccines (only thinking about the better ones so basically excluding j&amp;j, astra etc and including Moderna, Pfizer and that russian one that seems surprisingly decent) have very little information about long term effects because they haven't been out long term, but covid shows up with some signs of negative ones long term, and I haven't yet seen signs of likely negative effects long term for vaccines. Both the virus and vaccines have short term effects, but the worse short term effects of vaccines seem either inapplicable to me, or seem relatively small vs the worst effects from covid being no more you. You then combine that information with the idea that eventually its likely that vaccinated or not Im likely to get covid even though seeing how most people act Im probably top 1 percentile in terms of following correct procedure and that's how I came to the conclusion that vaccination makes sense.

That's how someone makes that type of decision without political identity (though just because people are annoying Ill point out that I lean pretty left).

There are so many changes to how I could have grown up, how I could have valued evidence etc, that I can see how people came to a different conclusion than I did.

I could have grown up with people who devalued science. Being black, I could have easily grown up with too much distrust for the government what with the existence of  cases like the Tuskegee syphilis """study""" (they studied nothing, it was just awful). I could have had less interest in logical thinking/scientific evidence (many people dont, and infact many people who love to say "science bitch" dont either).

Thats a very long way of saying that you should at least try to understand how people got into the positions they are in, because you have to remember that everyone started as a little impressionable child, and they weren't molded in a vacuum.

Its easy for you to judge, but you got a vastly different life experience from them.

When you add to the mix the number of people in media and politics who might have also negatively influenced them you can clearly see a path to that opinion.


&gt;So yes, I have trouble understanding people like this because if they don't trust fact based evidence that's been replicated and studied extensively

Let's be real, the speed of this is unusual. You can give any explanations you want about test concurrency, will, funding etc etc, but you must realize that the process at bare minimum is unusual.

If you are unaware and untrusting of course you can see why when your expertise is so far removed, you rely on *gut feelings* and *smell tests* purely. Those arent great nor objective ways to decide things but thats how things work for a lot of people because in reality, you simply cant be an expert on everything. Of course though, thats taking that idea a bit too far.

&gt;Now it's been a year, millions of people have gotten it with almost no serious side effects. 

A year is nothing really. A year is us more or less still assuming that assumptions medical companies have made are correct (that essentially all you are left with after (I believe 2 weeks or so) is the antibodies to deal with covid. A year is us believing that they work the way they think they do.

Obviously when I say assumption in that context its means a bit more than assumption usually means because from what I'
ve read the actual mechanisms for how they work seem understood unlike other medicines where we sorta guess and check and "hey it does the thing whoopee!".That being said the point remains that this isn't some 10 year old tried and tested treatment so if especially if you arent an expert, and arent going to try to look things up or reason things out, what are you going to think?

This is brand new technology in terms of usage, and the speed looks and feels different. When your primary method of decision making is gut feeling, you can see how that turns out differently than you might hope.

&gt; Most I've heard from just think covid is an overblown hoax and that the vaccine is unnecessary. The main reason those people aren't getting it is because Biden is telling them they have to.

Like sure some of it is politics, but lets not pretend that this doesn't extend to all sides at least somewhat.

That's not me saying both sides are equal, but that your scatter chart is slightly more scattered than you think.

People unfortunately for you don't all just fit into one neat caricature. They have different life experiences, motivations, and systems of trust. Basically, what Im saying is you have to at least ahve a few more boxes of organization for people or you risk simply unhelpfully boxing people in a way that makes it impossible for you to affect positive change on the situation.
