&gt;I'm seriously trying to consider it.

LMFAO yeah right, looks like you've been crying about Rittenhouse on Reddit almost obsessively since it all happened, like most days in your comment history. Kinda sad, go outside dude.

&gt;Same people are calling that kid a hero for trying to defend himself and other students. This is contradictory.

What an utterly ignorant and idiotic comparison. A school shooting is ALWAYS bad, super bad, there's never an instance where someone pulls out a gun at a school and it's for anything other than murder. Someone trying to take a school shooters gun is an act of heroism because that person is without a doubt an active shooter. Kyle was not an active shooter nor in a similar situation, Kyle only shot after those neanderthals chased him until he tripped and then tried to jump him. What a braindead analogy lmao.

&gt;Most of the Kyle Rittenhouse supporters I've brought this up to for some reason agreed that Arbery was in his full right to take the gun away, which is completely contradictory.

Not as brainlessly stupid as the other analogy, but you're still reaching. In this case, these hicks were literally holding Arbery at gunpoint and refusing to let him pass, preventing him from leaving. This is without doubt a very threatening situation where most people would go into some form of fight-or-flight, so it's completely rational and understandable Arbery tried to take their gun to defend himself, as the hicks were clearly aggressors. The neanderthals who got shot by Rittenhouse were clearly the aggressors, they were literally chasing him with intent to disarm and beat him. He was trying to run away until he tripped. Entirely different situation and context.

It's really easy to rationalize self-defense in all 3 of these cases, if it's difficult for you, I believe you're either slow in the head or you just want Rittenhouse in the wrong so desperately that you're deliberately ignoring the facts of the cases. You claiming anyone in support of Rittenhouse, "were happy to see BLM protestors die" is petty and without evidence, just highlights your victim bias with regards to BLM/white people. Get over yourself
