If it's any explanation (not to argue with you) I'm a gay woman with some of the opposing bias. The thing is that gay men and gay women aren't necessarily a group by nature. By definition we are people who are attracted to people of the same gender, and while many gather to form a shared culture later on, it's *because* our formulative experiences are quite different.

Some of that revulsion is resentment: the anger that society pushed us into heterosexual relationships, made embarrassing displays when we *have* interacted with the opposite gender. Perhaps dealt with issues of consent based on that heterosexual norm (teasing for their "girlfriend" or "boyfriend", encouraging people of the opposite gender with crushes to repeatedly violate boundaries, etc)

The second, and perhaps most unfortunate, is straight up misogyny. If you don't have female role models, friendships, relationships, you may not have an example at all. Moreover, you may not ever have the desire to seek one out, actively or passively. Why would you, if your boy's club tells you that men are best and women are accessories that drag you down? Being gay practically means you've ascended.

The proper conclusion is to hate society and the ways it has made the people around us ignorant and inconsiderate. But for some people, it's hard to hate or criticize the flawed people you've grown up with as friends. Those conflicted people will try and speak up as a "moderate" or "expert" to defend the people they want to have faith in, the idea being that if they are properly good then they'll be given the best of both worlds. Pulling a Blair White so to say, though I haven't heard from her in a while.

And following the previous point, though perhaps a bit of a stereotype, hatred of the "bad ones" stopping them from acceptance and "true" equality. There are gay men that hate "fairies" for supposedly stereotyping the whole group.  Revulsion of the feminine, fear of the perception of *being* feminine, paranoia to be persecuted by the people you know as an accessory... (and the outsiders. There are people determined to see gay men as feminine sidekicks)

You find your group and its rules and you stick with them.
