Um, so a lot to unpack here…

First off, I’m all good on the sex and love drive. It’s completely “normal” if maybe even a bit high, this goes for a lot of other aros and aces too. As an asexual I don’t feel sexual attraction, meaning I don’t feel drawn to people based on their sexual desirability, but I do absolutely have a sex drive and can definitely feel arousal. Those are different things that don’t actually have that much to do with each other. So I’m not missing out on sexual sensations or pleasure, I just don’t feel drawn to people in that way. Being aromantic is different from being asexual, and you can absolutely have romantic attraction without sexual attraction. Many aces still have romantic relationships because romance ≠ sex. I, however, am both aromantic and asexual. As an aromantic I am not missing out on love, in fact, I love more deeply than anyone I know. I still want affection and to feel loved by others and am fully capable of giving them the same. I’m not lacking a fundamental human emotion, I just experience it differently from most people. I don’t feel romantically drawn to people, but that doesn’t mean I am missing out on human connection or love. In fact, I am a small subset of aromantic called cupioromantic, which means I still want a romantic relationship despite not feeling romantic love. I’m even currently looking for a partner! Your post comes across as very condescending and pitying, though I know that wasn’t your intention. Think about it this way: would you ever tell a gay man you feel sorry for him because he will never “get those good feelings” for a woman? Would you ever ask him if he wishes he was straight because to you he’s missing out on straight sex and love? I would recommend you refrain from making ignorant and insensitive comments like this in the future, because it really is very offensive and can seriously upset some people. You’re one lucky frog that this community is so chill and leans towards education rather than outrage when confronted with situations like this. You might not get off so easily in the future.
