I'm sorry I guess I really meant that that's a very western-first world-only-ever-really-been-expoused-to-Christianity-and-don't-consider-the-hundreds-of-other-religions-that-exist-in-this-world-valid centric point of view. I'm very sorry for saying america for the sake of simplicity, since after all, American culture hasn't dominated the western world since world war 2 or anything like that.

And no, I'm not. 

Please though, since you've failed to address my actual criticism, and instead chose to move the goalpost, bother to explain how religion is anti-science

So please explain how Coca-Cola is anti science, since it fits that definition of religion, and let's be realistic for some people out there it really is their religion. https://youtu.be/KTVC2uVGEL0

Oh coke is to fringe of an example? Please explain how ancester veneration is anti science?

Houston Oasis? (Here's a handy link since you are so dismissive of religion you clearly haven't heard of them https://www.houstonoasis.org/) 

What about alcoholic's anonymous, which is to be clear, actually a cult?

What about an Orthodox Jewish atheist, of which there are many. How are they anti science for taking their culture and heritage seriously?

Here's an entire Wikipedia article about the definition of religion, because religion is such a complicated and nebulous concept that scholars have been debating it's definition for hundreds of years https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Definition_of_religion

I honestly don't care what the fuck you believe, and since you're on this sub I understand that you might have a bad taste for religion, but just because you got a raw deal and had to get out of a cult doesn't give you the right to disrespect other people's beliefs. I mean, fuck TSCC because they deserve it, and as a former member you have every right to disrespect it. That does not translate to it being okay to belittle all religions. Be an atheist, IDGAF, but saying something like "religion is anti-science" is not only objectively false, it is ignorant and disrespectful. 

Some religions are anti science. SOME. Not all. 

And to be clear, I practice a joke religion, that I made up myself and no one else follows called the church of cakey jizzem, (explain how practicing an intentionally farcical religion is anti science) so it's not like I'm trying you convert you to deism. I'm not.
