Are you well? Legitimately are you well? Your approach to this has been completely disrespectful. You want a debate fine, here is all the things you have done wrong, after that you're going to respectfully excuse yourself and think about your actions.

1. Your curiousity (which is fine with sexualities you don't understand) proceeds on the basis that sapiosexuality is not real, therefore you came here, not the right place for it, to debate it's existence. 
a) This was completely counterproductive to say the least. If you're inviting debate on it you might mind your tongue, considering that if you are wrong (which was the whole point of debating it) the language used was very insulting. Better safe than sorry (which you should be).
b) To add insult to injury after discussing it with another person (who actually had coherent reasons) you casually followed up a word vomit of a paragraph with "wanna fuck?" So either way you were you were going to disparage the seriousness of the conversation with some lousy disrespectful comment like that? 

2. You're clearly somewhat familiar with philosophical arguments. So to witness  reductionism being butchered like that is quite the sight. Memes are reductionist, like what??? You're going to dispute the existence of a sexuality because of memes?
a) The people who make those memes are probably people like you, ie not members of this sexuality. Essentially you have no idea if sapios made the meme.
b) Even if they did or didn't just because they share it in a community (if they do idk) doesn't not mean it's reflective of the sexuality and it also does not mean it affects the whole of the sexuality. For example, there have been many sex repulsed memes on this sub. That does not mean all Demis are sex repulsed. 
c) Just because people share memes or laugh about things doesn't mean they believe it.
d) To say Memes = reductionist to x = sapiosexuals have to prove anything just does not correlate.

3. Memes are not a treatise on the laws of the universe. Also the people you refer to who use these online forums in that manner (which you've betrayed your preference to) probably waste too much time online because they have nothing better to do. Dumb, ignorant and wasteful people are everywhere. 

4. There are many reasons why young women marry old farts. Just because one person said so does not make it so. Just because someone, say yourself, repeats that then does not make it any more true.

5. Just because the dictionary doesn't have a definition for something doesn't mean it's wrong. Similarly, just because sapiosexuality or demisexuality or asexuality isn't well defined or understood does not mean it is wrong.
a) Of course that does not mean it's right. Although I think no one has professed any of those things to be. These things are in their infancy of being understood.
b)  NB. That's how you use reductionism correctly😜.

6. Perceived and experienced are completely different. You can perceive things without experiencing it. But you cannot experience something without perceiving it. 
a) This is a self defeating argument. It filters into your position of it's too broad or too narrow to be useful. You've dug yourself a hole because surely it has to be one or the other to lack use, which is it? 
b) You then show us that actually it is useful because semantic use of "intelligence" seems to vary. Disproving the rest of your argument. 
c) 6(b) reinforces the point of 5(a).

7. Demisexuality is clearly different to sapiosexuality. Demis take significant amounts of time to form a bond, that is not the case for sapios. Hence why this author has very kindly shared this crossover community.
a) Demis often know the kind of character they would be interested in pursuing to see if a bond devolopes. That doesn't mean it's strictly confined to that character. Sometimes it can randomly happen thanks to circumstances. Demis prob don't say it because it is heavily individualised. If you think about it that makes perfect sense otherwise you would have sexualities whose partners are so similar to each other you would think they were all the same person. And that DOES NOT happen.

8. Being attracted to intelligence does not mean being attracted to anyone in Mensa. The sapios aren't frothing at the mouth to find the Mensa members and seduce them. Intelligence clearly is related to the person's own intelligence level, you can't have people at opposite ends at the spectrum. That would mean there attracted to complete bewilderment. 
a) Its probably safe to say they would have to be close to each other in terms of intelligence level. 

9. It's completely self defeating that you highlight different kinds of intelligence and then say being attracted to intelligence is too broad. I'm sure certain kinds tickle different people's fancy more than others. In the same way some body shapes, gender etc, sexually arose or excite to some people more than others.

And with that I hope you end the disgrace that was your argument. 

(PS. I'm not particularly knowledgeable on sapiosexuality so if I I generalised or misunderstood anything about it I'm happy to make corrections and I apologise in advance if that has happened.)
