&gt; Instead of pasting a link explain how we have more freedom than America, I don't think you can.

I already did.  The US is a corrupt oligarchy, where the people benefitting from laws write them (lobbyists).    A country with the largest debt due to medical bills of anywhere in the OECD.  A country where the police are heavily armed, use military equipment, and routinely get away with literal murder.  A country where votes in the middle of the country count for far more than votes on the more populous coasts, because of a deeply flawed parliamentary structure.  (small p, as in, the Upper and Lower Houses).

A country where it is more difficult to start a business than NZ, more difficult to be "other" (race/sexuality etc).  A country where it is more difficult to change social class (start poor, become well-off) than any other in the OECD apart from the UK.   And finally, and most tellingly, your paragon of freedom has more of its own citizens in jail than any other Western nation.  By a factor of 2.  There are currently 1.8 million Americans in jail.

So, a corrupt political practice, where police are unchecked and the ordinary citizen is at far greater risk of violence, debt slavery and jail.  This is not a free nation.   

&gt;Guns aren't just tools for hunting they are tools for self defense against not only criminals but a tyrannous government

Go ahead, try that argument when getting your gun license.  Do you think it'll fly? (Hint:  Saying that you want a gun license for "self defence" will disqualify you.  And we don't have the second amendment here, or well-regulated militias, so it's not really a point.  Even the best-armed gun-nut is far worse armed than a platoon full of 19-year-olds.  Your "rising against a tyrannous government" would, if seriously tried, last about a day.

&gt; the Enfield would've been good a hundred years ago. 

I know what it is, now.  You're ignorant, and unwilling to look things up, so you just make up what you "think" is going on.  The Lee Enfield is a good gun - the police in Bangladesh still use it.  In better hands than mine, it is a very good sniper weapon - to the point of still be issued as such in the mid-90s.    It's still made, as a hunting gun, and is very good for that.  A robust weapon, which will stand bush use in NZ, it'll knock over any animal we have here quite easily.  

Incidentally, my guns are just for hunting.  I haven't had to fight of a home invasion in simply ages.

&gt;Although in America i'm pretty sure you can file a lawsuit if you're property is seized without reasonable cause.

https://www.aclu.org/issues/criminal-law-reform/reforming-police/asset-forfeiture-abuse

From there "Owners need not ever be arrested or convicted of a crime for their cash, cars, or even real estate to be taken away permanently by the government."

This can be done by local law enforcement and small-town judges.  Can you put in a lawsuit to get your property back?  Yes, you can.  But you will bear the cost of the lawsuit, which will often be greater than the value of the property seized.  (Lawsuits like this START in the 10's of thousands of dollars).  It isn't a free country, if redress only lies in the hands of the rich.  

In New Zealand, the application has to be heard in front of the High court.  The court must satisfy itself that the person has, on the balance of probabilities, profited from crime, and what the amount should be.  It's about the person, not the property.  To explain the difference - if I'd just sold a GTHO Falcon for $400,000 cash, and got stopped by the police in the US, they could say it was proceeds of crime - without specifying what crime - and take it.  In NZ, they would have to prove, in front of a High Court judge, that I had got the money through nefarious means.

&gt;I think you can at least concede my initial point was correct that communism leads to totalitarianism which often leads to fascism.

Where the tuppenny fuck did that come from?

No, I don't.  Communism and fascism are opposite ends of the political spectrum.  Fascism is a RIGHT-WING movement.  Communism is a LEFT-WING movement.  

Even Wikipedia knows this.  Fascism "Fascism (/ˈfæʃɪzəm/) is a form of far-right, authoritarian ultranationalism[1] characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition, and strong regimentation of society and the economy[2] that rose to prominence in early 20th-century Europe.[3] The first fascist movements emerged in Italy during World War I, before spreading to other European countries.[3] Opposed to anarchism, democracy, liberalism, and Marxism, fascism is placed on the far right-wing within the traditional left–right spectrum.[3][4]"

Communism, on the other hand "Communism (from Latin communis, 'common, universal')[1][2] is a philosophical, social, political, and economic ideology and movement whose goal is the establishment of a communist society, namely a socioeconomic order structured upon the ideas of common ownership of the means of production and the absence of social classes, money,[3][4] and the state.[".  

Do you see the "M" word, in the bit about Fascism?  About what they're opposed to?  Which Marx do you think that refers to?  Groucho?
