&gt;When you're standing in the smoldering ruins of this nation and staring at the fascist state that has popped up because you refused to fight for something better, I hope you can feel good about how patient you were with them.

A war which you are trying to jumpstart because you are so naive and ignorant that you are filled with blind fear. Thus turning to violence in an attempt regain a sense of security and safety, but in reality only being the cause of further unrest.

You speak of a war as if it is sure to come, to reassure yourself that you were not the one who started it, that you did not escalate, that you were simply responding to the inevitable.

&gt;You keep trying to be condescending and assume I don't understand our history. I'm also probably older than you which makes your final point all the more laughable.

Well you obviously don't understand history if you point to the world wars and come to the conclusion that being hardline against anyone who is not strictly on your side is the solution to our problems rather than being literally what caused the nazis to come into power.

&gt;It is you that needs to open up a history book and understand why sometimes we have to stop talking and start fighting for what is right. 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

My friend, you've mistaken the history books for fairy tales.

&gt;If you had studied history you would know that Germany was not universally resigned to the rise of nazism as a result of the end of ww1 and up to the point where they were literally dragged out of their homes and murdered on the night of the long knives, Hitler had many people fighting against him and the rise of fascism.

Yes, he did have opposition, did I ever argue that the Nazi party was universally endorsed in germany?

But Hitler is not some magic mind controller who turned people into mindwashed nazis. The nazis party had significant support and hitler was able to gain that support off the back of how fucked germany was post WWI.

&gt;They died doing what they knew was right even when the vast majority were swept up by the rhetoric and the lies. It's a shame we don't remember them but you're far more willing to recognize the poor nazis that were just upset about how the victors of ww1 treated them.

What kind of mental gymnastics are you trying to perform here?

I'm here saying that we should try to prevent causing a situation that resembles post WWI germany so that we prevent the rise of a group similar to the nazis. 

Then you're just trying to somehow attack me for being "nicer" to the nazis than the people who died in a losing political battle against the nazis.

New flash: If germany was never put in a situation like that, the nazis wouldn't have risen to power and those people never would have been murdered. 

I think I'm the one arguing for a better world here where people get to stay alive than your fantasy world where people die an """honorable death""" being slaughtered for political reasons.
