I see what you mean. I believe in God and would believe he is evil before believing He doesn't exist. I've experienced too many paranormal encounters and supernatural events to not believe that there is not an explanation for it. There are areas in my life where people would have died and I would even be in jail if it were not for the miracles of God.

I don't blame you for not believing in God who would like to believe in a God who seems wicked.

I've asked these moral questions when I wasn't Christian. I debated about these questions in college when I was in class and no one could argue with me. I use to hate the bible so basically I hated the Christian God.

Then God let me have a taste of what it felt to be God(the Judge of everything.) I destroyed everything, because I thought I knew better. I was so ignorant and arrogant.

It was such a traumatic battle and journey to realize I don't get to decide what's morally right or not. I am not God.

When I found out the bible was true, I sobbed because I didn't want it to be. At first glance the bible seems to be controlling and too evil to be true, but it's not. I truly believe God is Love now after I started understand more and more.

I can answer your questions, but do you really want them? Or do you just want to condemn the bible because you can't understand it or don't want to understand it?

To be honest it's all up to you of what you decide to believe or not. If your initial plan is to reject a belief then what's the point? Or you might be seriously trying to figure out why Christians believe God and the Bible. I actually felt both ways before I was Christian. Only when my delusions literally began to torture me and even put me in the hospital did I start to question my own faults and beliefs.

Here  is the answer:
https://www.gotquestions.org/beating-slaves.html

I can still give you my personal answer if you like? But be true to yourself, do you just want me to answer so you can reject my belief? That's up to you decide. I don't know you so I don't know your true intention and can't judge you.
