Hearing it as you pass by the streets or while a friend or family member is playing it through their speakers isn't really the same as actually looking for good artists or songs in the genre. First of all, a lot of mainstream rap or the type of stuff that plays in the radio and that people listen to the most is.. pretty bad. That's not to say there isn't plenty of good rap though. Hip-hop has a ton of variety and different subcultures. I don't know exactly what genres you like, but some recommendations I'd give if you actually wanna give it a fair chance are:

If you're looking for something noisy and abrasive that also dabbles on some political and philosophical themes and takes influences from punk and industrial, I highly recommend Death Grips. They're somewhat of an acquired taste but if you're already into punk, metal, or some of the noisier subgenres in rock, they shouldn't be that hard to get into.

Or if you want something that's more personal and talks about mental health, Earl Sweatshirt is one of my favorites. Abstract rapper that talks about different themes such as grief or depression over experimental beats in a sometimes pretty poetic way. Like Death Grips, he's somewhat of an acquired taste but I highly recommend him. 

If you just want a display of creativity and skill, Aesop Rock and MF DOOM are amazing in how they use their ample vocabulary to make complex rhyming schemes and wordplays.

Billy Woods is also another rapper that I haven't got too into yet, but the few songs I've heard from him are really good. He's an abstract rapper with many complex wordplays and lyrics, but he's also a bit hard to get into.

Finally, I'd recommend Kendrick Lamar as well. He's released two of the best rap albums from the past decade and is great at storytelling, I specially recommend "good kid, m.A.A.d city" and "To Pimp a Butterfly," two amazing albums that have a great story and concept and talk about a variety of themes, To Pimp a Butterfly also takes a lot of influence from Jazz, Funk, and Soul music, so that might be interesting to you since you aren't into rap.

Either way, whether you listen to my recommendations or not, what I'm trying to say is that hip-hop is a huge genre with tons of variety and different subcultures surrounding it. People are allowed to like what they like and dislike what they dislike, but don't make wide generalizations about the genre, it's just ignorant and frustrating most of the time.
