Always a white man thinking he is the best of the lot while they are the most ignorant and problematic of the lot and filled with lot of sexism  and racism hiding under the superficial humanitarian views they hold.  Oh you know about my culture ?? As south Asian woman, the stories told by white people for their white savior complex is amazing. They have no knowledge where the issue of female infanticide stems from and why it exists and how to fight it but they sure know how to make it about them and feel superior while being completely ignorant to the high gender violence in various forms happening in their own country and society.  Female infanticide is an issue but for countries that still struggle with poverty and illiteracy, things are changing for better and these cases are dropping in big numbers. However, I wonder why the culture where female infanticide  ( White culture) isn’t an issue have child marriages or are being  the biggest consumer of child prostitution and pornography especially from countries where female infanticide and female genital mutilation are talked about.. Maybe it’s because white men still see women of color as objects. I mean native and indigenous women and girls go missing in white dominated countries and there are so many cases of white men getting slap on their wrist for raping/ sexually assaulting minors especially those from brown and black communities . Oh and white men marrying teenagers or grooming them or dating them which is very common isn’t an issue for you because I guess white mens d!ck are made of unicorn and rainbows and all things that’s harmless for children, right ? Children and women being trafficked for sex from Netherlands to Germany, France and UK for white men must be because white men just want to save these people by giving them cash and running away them, right ? Those clients are not having “non consensual ” sex with these  kids and women , but just sitting and having a therapy session I guess .. Next, though originally from South Asia I have and am living in Europe for long time and the amount of times I have seen creepy white dudes misbehave with teenagers is as bad as the one in Asian and African countries even the cops are useless.. There are so many reports and discussion about how men “dating “ 16yr old is problematic and should fall into predatory category. Apparently in the logic of white culture and their laws, old men dating 14-19yr old girls ( especially if “she looks older than her age”) is okay unless they are not getting married because marriage somehow makes it pedophilic but not dating.. or if the parents of teenage girl let their daughter marry an old white man it’s not somehow problematic,right?
