Travis was wrong by sneaking those people I repeat it again, we agree on it, but I do not know if there were really so many people as to generate that massive crushing, it is still not known how many were those who entered without entry, nrg park is equipped to have up to 200,000 people.
  

  
I add that the fencing was terrible, they removed a very high (%) to place the entire set of apple cameras, I don't know if you have information about this, but the same place in Rolling Loud looks very spacious, people could stand more inside on the catwalk where the artist sings, and in the back half there was only a BOX PIT.
  
But the safest thing is that both Travis and Live Nation are at fault creating a dangerous scenario for both parties, keep the following in mind;
  

  
The police, firefighters, the entire security team realized what was happening hours before the festival with people breaking in, let's talk about the responsibility of the bodies in charge of protecting civilians. Out of the way of ignorant and negligent Travis, as he is not a security expert.
  

  
\+ You think that Travis saw and heard everything that was happening and did nothing to prevent his show from being ruined, right?
  
"Any other interpreter under any other circumstances would have stopped the show", it's funny because apparently you only have in mind that Travis has sneaked people in and incited disorder in 2 of his hundreds of concerts, in which he has ALWAYS seen or They have communicated the need to stop and as you say "tell people to step back" / pick up people passed out, he has done it, I doubt you want to see this reality, you are one click away from watching dozens of videos of what that I am telling you.
  

  
https://youtu.be/1Q1AF00SqXE?t=1287 here is a minute where there is a security person trying to get the crowd back, I do not understand why they did not communicate this, what logic would ruin a set by stopping a few seconds? none. also travis stopped several times even for bullshit like (there is someone in the tree look at him) do you know what I want to tell you? I am completely sure that Travis did not notice or communicate the seriousness of the situation, it was not because he did not want to ruin his set.
  

  
Keep in mind that people died for 50 minutes, there are even reports that state that the first victim fainted before the concert began, the entire German security team was alert from very early, and they took measurements VERY late.
  

  
He could have been worried when that security car was inside and he did it wrong when I encouraged those people to sneak in, those are the only reasons I can see direct blame towards travis scott.  


and yeah, i've seen that entire video, trap lord is a stubborn fucking who wants to turn you all against travis, he always has been. Despite giving transparent information, you can see the hatred of him in every sentence, trying to criminalize Travis for everything. excessive
