&gt;There are areas in my life where people would have died and I would even be in jail if it were not for the miracles of God.

How can you support that claim?

&gt;I don't blame you for not believing in God who would like to believe in a God who seems wicked.

What? I think I know what you are trying to say but the grammar is all wrong... do you mean "I don't blame you, who would like to believe in a god who seems wicked, for not believing in god"?

&gt;I've asked these moral questions when I wasn't Christian. I debated about these questions in college when I was in class and no one could argue with me. I use to hate the bible so basically I hated the Christian God.

Irrelevant. 

&gt;Then God let me have a taste of what it felt to be God(the Judge of everything.) I destroyed everything, because I thought I knew better. I was so ignorant and arrogant.

Irrelevant. 

&gt;was such a traumatic battle and journey to realize I don't get to decide what's morally right or not. I am not God.

Congratulations on sacrificing your humanity. 

&gt;When I found out the bible was true, I sobbed because I didn't want it to be. At first glance the bible seems to be controlling and too evil to be true, but it's not. I truly believe God is Love now after I started understand more and more.

Irrelevant. 

&gt;I can answer your questions 

Then how about you do that, rather than giving me a word salad that adds nothing to the conversation. 

&gt;Or do you just want to condemn the bible because you can't understand it or don't want to understand it?

I want you to answer the fucking question. Get that arrogant attitude out of here. 

&gt;To be honest it's all up to you of what you decide to believe or not.

No, it isn't. Beliefs aren't a choice. 

&gt;Or you might be seriously trying to figure out why Christians believe God and the Bible

Yes, and so far you're doing an absolutely terrible job. 

&gt;Only when my delusions literally began to torture me and even put me in the hospital did I start to question my own faults and beliefs.

This is not exactly convincing. 

&gt;Here is the answer

Ok: 

* A. You claimed to have a direct line to God, and then when I ask you a question you provide me with a link you found using Google. Please provide me God's answer. 

* B. That apologetic is absolutely cringe. It basically boils down to "... well yeah God said slavery was ok... but it was nice slavery". Fuck off with that shit. Slavery is always immoral. 

&gt;I can still give you my personal answer if you like?

Why didn't you do that rather than writing so much irrelevant shit?

&gt;do you just want me to answer so you can reject my belief?

I guarantee that I am going to reject it, but only because I know (based on this exchange) that it's going to deserve it. But hey, try and surprise me. If you give me something worth considering  I will consider it.
