This has to be THE worst take I've ever seen in my life.

&gt;No. He didn't. He won his first game as a rookie and he did not have a full team of backups nor did he play a full team of starters. He had, and has always had, an elite WR, elite TE and at the time an elite HB. As well as an elite coach and a solid defense.

Wrong. Not a single starter played in that game for the Chiefs, including Hill or Kelce as you alleged The Broncos played their entire starting roster. Want proof? Von Miller said it himself in Mahomes' Top 100 players video for 2019.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Lol oh he had a good 4 game stretch cool dude. He's fallen 1000-2000 yards short of your imaginary milestone every year.

Nobody said that he could have gotten 6,000 yards? That's ludicrous. The entire point was he performed admirably and threw for a LOT of yards where he didn't have his best and fastest WR. Aka, doesn't need him to have success.

&gt;And then got embarrassed in the SB. Even when the Chiefs won Mahomes was unimpressive. Also, Brady had an undefeated season. Mahomes didn't.

Uh, unimpressive? He had a rough stretch in the middle. He did fine in the first half and then proceeded to lead three TD drives against the best defense in the league in just over 7 minutes. Unimpressive, heck no. Mahomes also didn't get "embarrassed" in the Super Bowl. He made some unbelievable throws that his receivers straight dropped and that Bucs players were losing their minds on the sidelines over. He escaped defender after defender time and time again only to find nobody open. Give me a break.

&gt;By 4th and 5th stringers you mean they were missing 2 starters?

No, I mean a 2nd string tackle, a 4th string guard, a 3rd string guard, a starting center and a 4th string tackle. Do your research before you speak next time.

&gt;Signed, Chiefs fan since 2018. Mahomes has always been surrounded by elite talent at every point in his career. He has never, ever, been on a bad team. He's never even been a good team. All of his teams have been stacked every single year.

Signed, a Chiefs fan since before Andy Reid even came into the picture. He has not been "surrounded" by elite talent every year of his career, he has had a small handful of star players in the NFL but that's it. This ESPECIALLY applies to college, where he had a dreadful defense and no notable players on offense whatsoever. You want to talk about stacked, again, look at Brady. Talk about ignorant and hypocritical lol.
