&gt; What I am arguing, is an exploration of the circumstances of how harems can work out, and what needs to be done to make it work out, which does not work out in real life.

Your way of arguing is deeply flawed. You are arguing from your desired conclusion backwards, which lacks substantiation on your part. You have to work your way up to your conclusion.

You basically say "well it just works, cuz it's fiction".  No, it doesn't "just work", otherwise its completely pointless argument. It works cuz author says it works and its all perfect and fine, but it's not. There are clear contradictions.   

No it's not possible even in fiction , unless he splits himself in equal number of selves like Dr. Manhattan.

Youre just saying  "well it's compensated" , NO IT'S NOT. You are just willing to easily believe that it can be compensated with completely different things, material values, by being strong or whatnot. You cant compensate romantic relationship with that, you can only equalize it with an equivalent thing.   

Your compensation is equivalent to money, making the girl similar to glorified whore. Just because buying a whore is mutual agreement, doesn't mean there is any balance.  These are incomparable things, equivalent exchange is impossible.

It is only fair and balanced in your mind under your own unfair rules, that are different for women, because of your fantasy, not even the author's fantasy, but yours and how you have interpreted it and accepted how author has framed it.  

&gt; they will backstab each other. Make each others' children hate each other. Push responsibilities between each other to make more time to spend with the guy. Gossip about each other and make each other look bad in front of the guy.

And you just accept that it's just never gonna happen in your fantasy, because you dont want to, whitewashing the human nature, dehumanizing and infantilizing the women of fantasy harem.

You might aswell make them sex robots in your fantasy.

You can't assume "it will be fair cuz it's fiction", because what is fair is what i decide as a reader , and what happens is decided by the author and i can say "that's not actually fair, and author subconsciously favoured and treated Roxy much better" . 

&gt;The power keg does not rest with the guy, it rests with the girls now, and they can just move that relationship if they want to. 

that's wrong and untrue, again just your fantasy. Because that would be contradiction to harem premises. Girls are so devoted that they'll take any chance to have more time with the guy. And since guy's attention is split, they'll do anything not to upset the guy or let him lose interest.  

You also INCORRECTLY and unjustifiably just treat girls as group, as if they are expected to form organization. Complete fabrication of your mind, that's not even how the authors see them.    

They are all individuals, that all have less rights and power than the man, they have less of pretty much everything.


&gt; how is it a benefit when you have to do so for multiple people? Which is where I pointed out, it tilts in the favour of the women

This is disingenuous , because in reality men enjoy harems, it's a popular sexual wishfulfilment fantasy. So it's in guy's favour always, it's what he wants, what the audience wants. Youre just making up something to misrepresent the whole point of the harem in fiction, it's a contradiction.   

If harem was an undesirable burden, the author wouldnt write that kind of fantasy, and the genre wouldnt exist.  

&gt;Rudeus would have to make sure they do have their romantic needs met

Youre not critically thinking about this. Your whole premise is unfairly stacked for the man, youre assuming that woman's romantic needs ARE LESSER than mans. If romantic needs of women was equal to Rudy's, then they'd be getting 1/3rd of what Rudy gets, therefore their needs wouldnt be fully met at all.  

Or their needs would have to be lesser, lesser sex drive, lesser desire. Can you not see all these contradictions? But if their needs are lesser, then why would they be so into the guy that they'd go for a harem?  It's dumb and illogical.  

&gt;and if Rudeus were not to have made sure it is at least a fair one (which is difficult), the harem would not have formed.

You just continue to argue from your conclusions. It's logically fallacious to say "it's fair because harem would not have formed if it was unfair" , it's not at all established.  

The harems form in all harem stories in any way author wants, they are all unfair by default.   

So my counter argument that is equally valid, but much better substantiated is that  - It's unfair, because it is harem. If relationship was fair, it wouldnt be a harem at all . 

&gt;tilt towards the women

Any women that desires what the man gets, in the amount of romantic interaction and sexual relationship and intimacy, would want to find another guy and be able to have multiple partners.  

THE ONLY way a guy can give as much as he receives is if he splits himself like Dr. Manhattan. That's how you can do it in fiction. So it's impossible even in fiction for harem protag to meet needs of someone who has same needs as him, if he needs to split his attention, time etc.   

You're arguing something completely illogical and unaware of contradictions.

Everything about this is unfair, distorted and imbalanced and nothing can compensate it.

So yeah, if you want to think about how harems "could" work in fiction, your fiction needs to make girls much lesser people in almost every aspect than the guy, with lesser needs and demands, more easily satisfied, infantilized and aspects of normal human element removed (lobotomized).     
But then you have to realize that such a setup, and such conditions are by themselves extremely unfair and against women, as the women aren't allowed the human traits and behaviours that the guy can have, they can therefore also never be equal to the guy , not even close.    

Such women are no better than pokemon, reduced to mere animals or robots, trophies.   
I'd argue that fiction should aim for the relationships to be between complete humans, but in your scenario the women aren't and only the protag is allowed to be complete human.

No im not "virtue signaling" , i'm thinking about this purely philosophically and logically, and this is how it looks like to me.
