Tell me you’re entirely uninformed about the transitioning process without telling me.

It’s not child abuse. At all. It’s actually far more abusive to not let someone present and transition as their preferred gender than to not let them do that. There are numerous studies and articles to show that access to proper treatment actually improves the mental state of transgender youth, including reducing the risk of suicide. I will link sources at the end of the comment. 

But you seem to lack a fundamental understanding of how youths are allowed to transition. It is not the same as adults, who are allowed access to HRT (hormone replacement therapy). Minors are NOT allowed to take hormones. They are only allowed puberty blockers, which are entirely reversible and are often prescribed to cisgender people as well for non-gender dysphoric reasons (endometriosis, idiopathic short stature, prostate cancer). What they do is simply stop the production of male or female growth hormones before they ramp up too much. That’s all. And if you want them to resume as normal, all you have to do is still taking them.

Most of the time, “transition for youths” is literally just wearing different clothes, being addressed by a different name and pronouns, and possibly being prescribed an entirely reversible drug that stops the production of testosterone or estrogen and variants. Most of the time, parents and the state do not agree to have puberty blockers prescribed anyway, due to ignorant and uneducated mindsets like yours, so there should be nothing you need to worry about anyway. 

However, access to puberty blockers and not being forced into a life that isn’t theirs reduces suicidal ideation by quite a lot in trans children, and honestly that sounds more than worth it to me. 

Puberty blockers linked to lower suicide risk for transgender people: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1122101

“There is a significant inverse association between treatment with pubertal suppression during adolescence and lifetime suicidal ideation among transgender adults who ever wanted this treatment. These results align with past literature, suggesting that pubertal suppression for transgender adolescents who want this treatment is associated with favorable mental health outcomes.”
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7073269/

“…transgender youth who have fully socially transitioned to their identified gender, and have been supported in doing so, do not have elevated depressive symptoms compared to the broader population.”
https://www.childtrends.org/blog/research-shows-the-risk-of-misgendering-transgender-youth

“More than half of transgender male teens who participated in the survey reported attempting suicide in their lifetime, while 29.9 percent of transgender female teens said they attempted suicide. Among non-binary youth, 41.8 percent of respondents stated that they had attempted suicide at some point in their lives.”
https://www.hrc.org/news/new-study-reveals-shocking-rates-of-attempted-suicide-among-trans-adolescen
