Not sure what part of this you can't comprehend: "I can't carry them inside in a wheelchair"

So, according to your rules, wheelchair users are not allowed to have groceries brought into their homes. How is someone in a wheelchair supposed to get the bags up from the lobby of their apartment building? I don't have any family or friends to call upon to help me with anything! Yes, it's a fact, that a lot of people with disabilities live in isolation and have no one to do things for them and the government (at least here in Canada) does not provide us with personal assistants?

You are profoundly ignorant and apathetic about what people with severe disabilities go through, and how also being forced to live in abject poverty because we're too sick to work makes our lives even more difficult. I'm doing the best I can. What would you have me do? Go on a two year wait list to be put in an nursing home? How am I supposed to get food for two years while I wait for that?

When you figure out how wheelchair users living in isolation and extreme poverty can get groceries delivered into their homes for low or no cost and without contact with another human being, please let me know.

And as far as Instacart being contacless: Before I even opened an account, I looked into this issue extensively and came across articles, etc., that confirmed that I could get the groceries brought into my home. I know of an elderly lady who uses a walker who told me she gets groceries from Instacart delivered right into her apartment  I'm not going to spend a long time finding those search results again to post them here.

Again, what an idiotic statement: "If you can't afford the service, I don't think you should use it." Again, how am I supposed to get food? What other option do I have that is free of charge? Why would I be using Instacart if there was another, cheaper option?

This is the reality people like me (and the OP) face. Nobody gives a fuck that we're in wheelchairs or that we have serious medical issues preventing us from working. We are left to fend for ourselves and if how I'm managing to keep myself alive offends you, you can just ignore me (just like the rest of society does already) and quit criticizing how I'm handling my life.

As far as defending that shopper...her health conditions? Seriously? She is able to drive a vehicle, walk around stores for hours a day, lift heavy bags of groceries in and out of her trunk, I could go on. Yeah, she sounds in way worse shape then me! And more nonsense: you think she can't get a higher paying job? So according to your rules, she has no option but to work a low paying job BUT, a wheelchair user in very poor health has many options to get groceries and therefore has no need to use Instacart. You got it backwards. I'm the one with no options, not her.

Of course I am aware of the dangers of contact during a pandemic. But the fact is, I have no other way to get groceries. I can't lift up and carry anything that's been left in the hallway outside my apartment door. I could carry one item at a time but with my severe medical issues that cause me severe pain and fatigue, it would take me days to get each item out of the bags in the hallway. I'd have my groceries left in the hallway the whole time? Do you think I should do it that way - leave the bags in the hallway for days as I slowly, at the pace I can handle, bring in one item at a time?

You wouldn't have a clue what to do if you were in my situation so be grateful you are able to walk around a grocery store and carry food back to your home.
