Hi there, I wanted to reach out because what you're experiencing is very similar to how the last few years have looked for me. I was in denial about a lot of my abuse, and even when my therapist talked about CPTSD it was never with enough focus for me to really realize that diagnosis could explain almost everything. Though I had a lot of intrusive thoughts growing up, and much of the discomfort/pain I do now, I didn't know what it was caused by exactly, I just had some vague and muddled notions, a very foggy memory. As I got older/smarter, I started putting things together, and once that stuff wasn't living in the background of my mind anymore it became all I could think about. I had constant flashbacks and could focus on little else. It sounds to me like you're in a similar phase of acceptance. 

I never could have imagined it changing, some days it seemed liked I'd have hundreds of flashbacks in just a few hours, it left me keyed up and full of panic. I always felt like everything was going to fall apart around me, to the point I tried to get on Disability, and even went through and met with a lawyer before I realized all the pain and fighting the path implied. I never thought it would be any different for me - and to be honest, some days, it doesn't feel any different, I will just be going through an emotional hell that day, and it's completely out of my control what that experience is going to be. That being said, I hold the experience completely different than I did in the past. I'm not ashamed to have survived what I have, and it has taken a lot of work on myself to get to the point where I can string together that kind of sentence. 

We live in a world that promotes the idea that a persons struggle and experience are deeply shameful things that should never be spoken of, especially when they turn into really dark things that no one wants to hear. It's a really ignorant and outdated narrative, understanding that I didn't support the way the world viewed traumatized/disabled/sick people was an essential part of understanding I needed to view myself independently of that lens. I also had to work to understand the reason I was obsessing was not because I was flawed in some way, but because these were dangerous patterns my brain had developed an obsession with, as it was primed to do by the experiences themselves. Taking the judgment out of the way I viewed my flashbacks was an enormous part of beginning to heal. My roadmap is all over the place and sometimes I don't feel like I've gotten too far from where I started, but every step you take towards trying to heal yourself is a step closer to manifesting a reality with the peace you can have, even if it isn't the version of peace we saw for ourselves.
