Ok, I'm not okay with this post. 

First of all, I know someone with FAS and they have NO upper lip at all and the philtrum is non-existent, and that part of the face is very smooth and curves outwards, making them look almost like a chimpanzee (not saying this mock anyone, it's the best way to explain it). Their eyes will droop and the crook of the eye also seems like it isn't there. I don't think this woman has it. Just Google "child with FAS" and look at photos and not drawings. You will understand what I'm talking about. Also, women with FAS tend to be introverted and quiet, or at least the ones I know. Their behavior is "strange"; they often can't write or read and they are mentally disabled. Being ignorant and mentally disabled are two very different things. Let me explain: 

I know a girl with FAS. We went to junior high together, and she would be super clingy and depended on us for everything. We had to message her and tell her to do her homework, had to remind her that recess was over, remind her to eat her lunch, we were basically babysitting her for free because no one wanted to admit she had FAS. I know who her mother is and she is vile. She is white trash and then some, and they were five siblings and all of them are weird because while the parents weren't abusive, they just didn't care. They were just ignored. I remember when Emma worked at her mother's job as a waitress for one day for a school project, her mother's boss had approached Emma and given her money to "go buy herself a sexy thong" - and the mother didn't care! She was 14 at the time! So I can certainly imagine that she drank while pregnant. And Emma needed help and never got it, because no one cared. I think I was the person who cared the most, but I was a kid. She was just a total mess and even with our help, life was too difficult. During presentations she would read EVERYTHING on the note I had given her, even if I'd written "Emma, read THIS part out loud, the part I've highlighted." She would even read "Johnny's part" out loud and we'd be like "no, read your part" and she'd start reading the whole note over again. I don't know if it was because she struggled to read and then thinking and reading at the same time was almost impossible, or if she just didn't understand the instructions, but that's what a mental disability does to a person. They don't get how normal everyday stuff works. They may have learned how the remote control worked and then forget and you must teach them how to do it every time. They may struggle to understand who their cousin's mother is, even if they call them "auntie" and the cousin "cousin". They are not usually attention-seeking. There are, however, plenty of stupid narcissists in today's world, so I think that is more plausible. There is a difference between doing and saying stupid shit for attention and actually being mentally disabled and having a low IQ. Their behavior is strange, but not "OH LOOK AT ME I MUST HAVE BLEACHED MY BRAIN LOL! OH, LOL, MY BOOB IS SHOWING, HAAAH!" 

I think these reality TV stars and influencers are in a different category altogether, the "I do stupid shit for attention and money so I can buy myself a new body" category, but really, everyone with a normal IQ who watches that kind of trash should be ashamed of themselves. I mean, you get to live in this world and not like 10 000 years ago, giving birth to your first baby at 12, losing 6 out of 7 babies to the flue or starvation and dying at 25 because a snake bit your leg. Go read a book or listen to an album instead. Just don't waste your wonderful, wonderful lives on garbage people, even if you HATE them and think they are shallow. These people thrive on your hatred. It's like Paris Hilton. She wanted people to despise her and even admits to having talked in this fake nasal voice to make people hate her even more, because all attention is good attention to these talentless losers we call "reality TV stars" and "influencers". Yikes. 

FAS also shouldn't be used as an insult. Posts like this one will make people with FAS feel like shit if they read them, and I actually tried finding posts about how people with FAS feel about their disorder and ended up here. So please be more mindful. Don't compare trashy narcissists to innocent babies who were born with this illness because their mothers are either addicts or losers. They deserve our respect. We are the lucky ones. We won the lottery and got at least one half decent parent. Most of these babies are born and, once the mother realizes "damn I broke the baby by drinking", they will give them up for adoption without telling anyone they drank during pregnancy and the foster parents will spend years trying to figure out what's wrong, if they are less developed because of the abuse they suffered or maybe they have autism or ADHD, and for every doctor's appointment, the kid will feel more and more upset, alienated and different. They'll probably be medicated for something else and pay for their mother's mistakes all their lives. 

So please, don't make stupid posts like this one. It's stupid because a) you are wasting time on someone you say you hate who doesn't deserve the attention and b) you are potentially hurting someone with FAS. Not your intention, I know, but when you spend negative energy, the outcome will always be negative. That's a good life lesson from me to you all! :)
