I dunno how funny they are outside of the context of the moment,  but when I was in Tokyo, me and my three friends found that the trains shut down at midnight and didn't open again until 5am, so we typically just partied until 5am.  The second night we were there, we got thrashed.  I don't remember everything, but I do remember ending up in this club that had a bunch of mirrors and chandeliers with green lasers bouncing around everywhere, and I think I hula hooped with some random person?

Anyway

It's 5am, and we're stumbling back to the train station.  Train arrives, and we get on.

So if you haven't heard the term "mind the gap", it's generally used to indicate that there is a space between the platform and the train.  In Tokyo, it was completely random. Sometimes the gaps are barely over an inch, other times it might be half a foot.  Given I was drunk and unaware, and given that this gap was on the bigger side, it should come as no surprise that my foot went completely into the gap up to my shin.

I recovered quickly, regained my balance, and got back on the train.  A couple minutes later, one of my friends said "Uhh... You're bleeding".  I didn't feel anything, so I kind of just laughed and looked down and saw...a lot more blood than expected.

When the bleeding didn't stop, one of my other friends who was wearing a thermal undershirt, started taking it off to make wrap my wound up, as my jeans were getting quite noticeably red.  

Meanwhile there was an American man (who apparently spoke Japanese) and a Japanese woman kind of staring at this weird scene of a drunk guy undressing and wrapping his shirt around the leg of another drunk guy who was bleeding profusely, while two other drunk guys were trying to loudly offer their advice.

As they kept watching, the woman eventually pulled a mask out of her purse and put it on while the American, I assume, tried to explain that all Americans weren't like this.

Bleeding did end up stopping before we got to the guest house we were staying at, I somehow managed to put my bloody jeans in the washer before passing out, and woke up with a new story to tell.
