&gt;Lol because this sub is full of teenagers who don’t work?

I was unaware you had access to user data and could prove that claim. Unless, perhaps, you're projecting?

&gt;Proof of that is you using a boot licking insult while I’m in fact part of a union 

Plenty of bootlickers are in unions, my old job had several.

&gt;have been in a strike and plan on being in the next one

Oh same! You're an asshole, but I'll stand with you on that one, brother. Hope your strike goes well and the company caves.

&gt;while you kids

How old exactly do you think I am? It's been quite some time since anyone called me a kid, haha.

&gt;instead of taking action, complain on social media

What logic is it, exactly, that leads you to believe anyone complaining on social media isn't doing anything else? By your own admission, you are both currently complaining about people on social media and taking part in strikes. Sooooo.
I will never understand the twisted logic that some people use to assume that if someone complains about something publicly, they aren't also taking direct action.



&gt;I like that you think you did something. 

There you go projecting again! Pray tell, what is it that you think I think I did?
Can you tell me what else I'm thinking? Truly impressive, the ability to read minds through the internet. 
The reality is that I don't think I did anything, except to argue with someone while I was bored on the internet. I know it's hard for you to call me out for opinions I don't have, So I understand why you keep projecting. Easier to win arguments that way... As long as nobody calls you out for using a strawman.

&gt; I guess that makes sense since your being validated 
Well first off, *you're.
I'm normally not one to correct typos like that, but you're being such a pedantic asshole it seemed appropriate. Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones, and all that.

Secondly, I'm not here for anyone's validation. Like I said, I'm mostly here because I'm bored at the moment.

I assume that your reference to validation is because of my comments about getting upvotes?
She says I don't feel any validation from that. But you made a specific claim: that "everyone" is embarrassed by me. I refuted that claim with specific evidence, that I was being upvoted. I can see how you twisted that into thinking I was seeking validation, but again, I'm doing fine, and you're projecting. 


&gt;other lazy idiots who won’t do anything other than post complaints

Again, how is it that you can prove nobody on here is doing anything but complain? Do you have access to private user data that no one else does?


TLDR:

You are overreacting and protecting. If you were to respond to me and my actual words and actions, rather than what you choose to assume about me without any evidence, none of your arguments would hold up. I'm several decades removed from being a child, and I have taken part in both strikes and direct action in coordination with government agencies In order to hold employers accountable.
You are arrogant and ignorant, and you will get a lot further in life by talking to people as they are, rather than what You assume about them.

Toodles.
