I think at the root of issues like this is an underlying assumption that karma is justice, that the workings of samsara are meant to be viewed as *good* or *fair*. But it isn't, and they're not. The whole samsaric system, from what I've read, is basically just a mindless self-perpetuating cosmic meat grinder with no purpose and no one at the wheel. Siddhārtha Gautama looked around one day and realized "hang on, this is messed up actually," you know? It's not justice, it's not "they deserved this, they deserved that." Samsara is terrible. That's precisely why the Buddha went around teaching people how it worked so they could see how to press the right metaphorical buttons to be liberated from it.

If someone throws a rock up into the sky and the rock comes down later and hits a child in the head, does gravity stop to consider if this is fair? Will the rock change course because the person doesn't "deserve" to be hit by the rock (whatever that means)? It is pointless, ignorant, and cruel to tell the child "you deserved to be hit by the rock, stop crying" - we've all been to hell infinite times, none of us is any better than our fellow prisoners - but it is of the utmost importance to explain to the people currently throwing rocks into the sky that *these are the consequences of your actions, so make the connection and stop throwing rocks and perpetuating it!*

The loss of memory and identity experienced at death is one of the things that makes the samsaric system so difficult to escape. If you put someone in a prison cell with a button that says PRESS ME, and every time they do you give them amnesia-inducing drugs and then give them an electric shock, they will never be able to make the connection between the pain they're "born" experiencing and the button they're tempted to push later on. The cycle will just continue, infinitely.

Working to overcome anger, violence, grasping, ignorance, etc. is learning not to throw rocks, learning not to push the button. I don't want some other birth to have to inherit my crap the same way I inherited past births' crap, right? More or less. I'm a bit chronically tired but I hope this makes sense; I welcome corrections, and wish everyone the best.
