So my response to your last comment, u/mysticsoulsista is this: objective reality is the physical and perceivable world, or that which can be measured and quantified in some way.  There is really no question there on that, but like I said before, you seem to be trying to obfuscate the issue by adding in mysticism and subjective thoughts to hard objective scientific reality, and you have a powerful and self-oriented motive for doing so, which is money.  I'm arguing my side without a single thing to gain from doing so.  Are you aware of this potential bias?

Water is water, and concrete is concrete; just because what we are perceiving may not be 'real' in the sense of quantum physics doesn't leave the door open for spirits and magic to exist.  And you say that "everything I do can be quantified and measured", and that's not even close to true.  Brains and hearts are real and quantifiable, but just because a brain or a heart could be scanned and there's an irregularity in either one during a seance doesn't make 'channeling' real.  Thoughts can be real to someone of course like you said, but if someone believes in a lie does that make it true?  To them, perhaps, but that's irrelevant and it's still not true to anyone else.

And sure, we are in fact energy first, that's proven by science, but this doesn't automatically equate to that energy 'going on' in some way and allowing for ghosts and spirits after death.

You've made a living of some sort with this mysticism, so you should be aware that you are in fact going to be a biased party towards your side being true because you have a serious vested interest in other people believing it to be true.  Your industry catches the ignorant and gullible at some of their weakest moments, like after the loss of a loved one, and then you merely pretend that you are talking to their spirits, which of course is in no way, shape or form quantifiable because it's all in your head.

You may give some people comfort, and that is good, but it is still false and based on subjective thoughts and delusions as opposed to anything to do with quantifiable objective reality.  There is no direct proof or evidence of ghosts, souls, or anything along those lines, and you know it.
