&gt;  looking back

This is the key thing.  Not just because of the benefit of hindsight and everything we've learned in the last 20 years, but also because the average person has access to a lot more current event information today than we did then.

There is one event though that you are familiar with that's actually really close in a lot of ways to what things were like after 9/11...and that's Covid.

Think about all the changes our country has gone through over the last couple years.  Various measures and restrictions and requirements that have happened in response to a threat.

That's very close to the impact 9/11 had at the time.  Travel changed forever.  Our feeling of safety changed forever.  Government intelligence agencies and efforts changed forever.  All of this in a very short amount of time, and there wasn't any guarantee that more attacks weren't going to happen.

Now, instead of having a virus as the enemy, we had a group of people and a region of the world to target.  Almost no one pictured, or could even imagine, that there was any way it would be a long drawn out occupation.

For context of the time, it had been a long time since Vietnam and we'd obviously learned our lessons since then.  Our most recent conflict in the Middle East had been an incredibly quick and successful campaign.

Yes, there were protesters.  (Way less politicians protesting it though than now claim to have been against the wars though, just look at the voting records.)  Most people seemed to think we could get in there quick, get some revenge on the people that had hurt us, make sure it never happened again, and life would go back to normal.

Now though, it's common knowledge just how naive and ignorant that viewpoint was.  We were so clueless about so many things, and a lot of it we only learned because of the last couple decades.

For example:  I went through some "counter-terrorism" training when I was in the military shortly after 9/11.  It was a joke.  Now there are highly trained teams around the world that specialize in that, but the training I had was basically a few days of how to pay attention to people and vehicles around you and to figure out if you're being followed, combined with a little wargame where we were defending a location and having to decide who to shoot that approached us.
