I've heard that before about cats and dogs, where they'll stop in place and seem to look at something that isn't there.  Just because they might do that, and that could be for any number of mundane reasons really, someone who wants to believe in something totally unquantifiable like ghosts will say, "Aha!  They must be looking at a ghost!" or something totally outlandish and completely unprovable along those lines.

Much in the same way that you say I cannot perceive something that I wouldn't be open to, people are also looking to validate something that they *want* to believe.  It's a real phenomenon called confirmation bias: people look for and validate what they want to see, and ignore all evidence to the contrary.  That's the exact type of mental weakness that "spiritual workers" prey upon, and then pretend like you are that non-believers "just aren't in tune" with this unquantifiable nonsense.  It's a perfect setup for the weak-minded, and it attempts to discredit anyone who doesn't fall for it, all while still remaining totally unprovable.

This is why having a keen eye towards the quantifiable is so important: delusions, the mind and subjective thought is literally endless, so someone can get entirely lost in a world full of delusions and believing in things that don't even come close to existing in reality.  When someone isn't looking at things in an objective way, fortified with skepticism or critical thinking, they then open themselves up to getting fleeced by "spiritual workers" or taken in by other ridiculousness that isn't even true.  That's ego and delusion.

So in that same way, most people are quite afraid of death, and would do anything in the world for it to be true that there is a soul, or ghosts, or that they will go on in some way after death.  So of course the ignorant and deluded are going to go to someone like a medium who will "verify" what they already want to believe, and that would have value to them, all while being a total sham.

But this all being said I think we're trying to argue too many points all at once, so how about we narrow it down to just one specific aspect of 'spiritual work'.  Let's talk about tarot cards...  how do they work, exactly?  Can you honestly expect us to believe that you can tell someone's future with them, and that this is accurate to a high enough of a degree to warrant someone actually paying for that service?  How do we know it's not just all random chance as to what comes up in the cards, and then the customer doesn't just go looking for those same signs that they were told by the 'spiritual worker'?  Confirmation bias is a real thing, quantifiable by scientific study, and the gullible are easily mislead.

I really do think what "spiritual workers" are doing overall is finding weaknesses in ignorant and gullible minds, and acting upon their hopes and fears with a lot of subjective nonsense that they in turn readily fall for because they just don't know any better.
