I do think it’s a very well made movie and emotionally it is a very effective piece of art. Everything is great, very gold jokes, brilliant actors and a very well crafted message.

My only problem however was that it was unnuanced and quickly turned into a cry of outrage that clearly divides the people into two groups, namely one that is dumb and ignorant and suggestible to the mischievous plans of the billionaire Trumps and another one is enlightened and is held hostage by the first group. I know it is a movie and it’s all metaphors, but like all problems we can’t reduce it to a single truth that is so obvious that we just have to "look up", I believe that reality is insanely complicated and the more you know the more you have to update your worldview to eventually realize that the mainstream low-resolution paradigms on both sides of the political spectrum are far from the truth. I think to just say this half of the country is plain stupid and will doom the other half is very counterproductive in helping eachother see the problems and work together towards solutions, because it is not an invitation to really speak and listen to eachother, rather just another attack from one tribe on the other.

The movie started out very well in its message (or that just my opinion don’t kill me) but then turned into a piece of media that is just an addition to the polarized discourse that we have plenty of today, that caresses the ego of one group (in this case the left) and insults the intelligence of the other group (in this case the right). And given the fact that it’s one of the greatest casts ever assembled for a movie i think its a shame that it has fallen prey to the boorish way we wage war with words today. But it expressed very well the way we deal with information, and how crazy the internet has made us and a lot of other societal issues. 

Good movie, but this is only going to please the believers and will not really convince the non believers or the skeptics. So not very effective in getting people on board, quite to the contrary.
