There's a few ways to think about this. The rough gist though... And honestly, part of the American cultural schism that's currently worsening, is that we were all raised with an extremely skewed perspective on the nature of Western civilization. I remember in the Truman show, Jim Carrey asks about being an explorer, and the teacher's all "sorry, you were born too late, everything's already been discovered".

I'm into machine learning research, with a side hobby interest in neurobiology. I know relatively little about that side of things competitively, but it's extremely striking how young this all is. The very first attempt at measuring brain activity was from the 1880's, trying to measure blood flow changes during intellectual activity. MRI's and CT's only date back to the 70's and 80's. Until fairly recently (in the grand scheme of things) most of what was known was just from pathologies. The beginning of the debate about whether the brain has different functions for different parts didn't even start to be settled until the 1860's, when Broca found loss of speech as a common symptom of a particular kind of brain lesion. There's still a PROFOUND amount that's unknown. As methods of getting data improve, and methods of mining insight from that data improve, I suspect that we'll look back at this time period not as the 'world of tomorrow' golden civilization I thought it was, but as something much more humble and young. The two medications I take didn't even exist in their current form until the 70's, as in... Their chemical structure had never been synthesized before. Those molecules had never existed.

This is the world our parents grew up in (diagnosed in my thirties as well). A dangerous combination of confidence and ignorance. But that's just how it is, you know? The victorian medical community I'm sure thought they were hot shit too, but they knew absolutely nothing compared to us. We know absolutely nothing compared to where we'll likely be even 20 years from now. You do the best you can with what you've got and go from there.

My mom didn't know much about ADHD. In a lot of ways, no one did... There's still no easy diagnostic test that I know of. You can't put on a special hat, think about things for five minutes, and get a genuine diagnosis based on something more concrete than "this is how I feel". C'est la vie. I think sometimes about my life if I'd been born 100 years ago. No one would have had any tools to help me. I'd have struggled and died, just like all my ancestors and your ancestors that share our particular mix of strengths and weaknesses. I'll sure as hell take an uncertain diagnoses with useful (but not perfect) meds over the big fat nothing we'd have had earlier. I'm stoked that we realistically could see miracle tools in our lifetime that are only beginning to be imagined now. Sure it'd be great to have had those sci-fi tools (or at least our current meds) from the beginning, but we're still lucky as hell. There's no perfect life that can be lived after all, maybe we could have both accomplished more by now, but hell... at least I can hold down a job now and do a better job being a full fledged partner taking care of our family, instead of the space cadet with the stressed out partner.

It'd have been nice if our parents saw more earlier, but... Frankly, I'm sure there's a lot you see more clearly than your parents. My mom still has some wisdom to share, but there's plenty of spots where she's ignorant and vulnerable, just like you, just like everyone else. They were too weak to protect us from our own weaknesses, but what's done is done. It's on us to make sure the next generation gets better than we got, and to forgive the sometimes pitiful amount our parents had to give. I got good things from them too at least, the rest of life is just what we can make of it I guess, same as it's always been for everyone.

Doesn't mean you aren't entitled to grief though. Good luck processing through, took me a year or two of feeling like that too, so don't beat yourself up if it eats at you for a while. It'll settle down eventually though, and maybe you'll even find unexpected strengths that came from your theoretically avoidable suffering. I'm not sure that I'd change my past, maybe it'd make me less compassionate, or creative, or patient... Who knows what I'd be throwing out to erase those decades of my life and replace with something else.
