Lmfao, ignorant and flat out ridiculous posts like this make me want to quit this site and question the sanity of my generation. Let's start analyzing this shitfest, shall we?

&gt;Now that this has reached r/all I suppose I should address all the conservative dipshits in here.

Not even three sentences in this post, and I already see a problem. People on The Left these days like this guy seem to love to dehumanize us at any chance they get by name calling us and ad hominems (which already shows they have lost the fucking argument, but I digress) yet if we say something like "Let's go Brandon" as a show of how much we don't like Biden, we got called Fascists that are threatening democracy. Of course, any honest man with common sense can see the double standard, but many cannot or will not. Could you imagine what it would be like if this was a Conservative post on r/all that said the same thing about The Left, and if Leftists were labeled as the worst of the worst by our media establishment for 4 years! There would've already been a civil war!

&gt;First of all, I’m recently college educated and newly employed with a salary.

I found Problem #2, you've been spoon-fed complete horsesh*t by Left-wing academia at your University. How do I know this? You say that there is something inherently wrong with Capitalism because

&gt;it’s quite obvious you’ve been brought up in an environment that doesn’t require you to endure what a substantial percentage of the US population has to endure every single day just to survive and put food on the table.

Guess what kid, it's called working for a fucking living. You think life is hard? At least you have money and enough food on the table to make this post, and if you're SMART with budgeting and saving money, you'll have over a million dollars to spend at your whim by your middle age. You realize how many poor peasant farmers prior to the industrial revolution would love how your life is?! Be grateful for what you have! 

The government cannot do everything for you and make you wealthy by stealing rich people's money, and government's which have tried such a thing in the past become murderous totalitarian shitholes that collapse within a generation. Socialism does not work and never will work
