(No this is not a troll post.)

IDK if this counts as culture war, but reading about ancient societies that practiced human sacrifice has made me more sympathetic towards human sacrifice. 

I have been reading a lot about pre-Columbian Mexico in particular, which is of course famous for its extravagant and large-scale human sacrifices. Even allowing for exaggeration (the Mexica probably weren't sacrificing eighty thousand people in a couple days in a city that wasn't much larger than that), it's clear they did a lot of sacrifice. 

I guess I always had the idea of societies that practiced human sacrifice as especially brutish or as placing a low premium on human life. When you actually read about Mexican civilization, it's clear the situation was the exact opposite. This was not a people that viewed human life as cheap, but rather the opposite. Human life was the most precious thing in the world, and that's why it shows such incredible devotion to surrender such a precious treasure to the gods. 

This is of course true in all societies I am aware of that have practiced human sacrifice (which seems to be pretty much all of them at one time or another--the American civilizations, Egypt, Canaan, China, even early Rome and Greece). Child sacrifice in particular is often seen as the worst of the worst. But I often think of the story of King Mesha of Moab in the Book of Kings, who, on the verge of defeat, sacrificed his only son on the city walls to propitiate the national god Chemosh. It is rather common in modern anti-abortion circles to compare abortion to human sacrifice, but really the two practices could not be more different, beyond the most superficial level. What commonality is there between a woman who gets an abortion because she 'isn't ready' for a child, and the Moabites sacrificing their prince, the king's only, beloved son for the salvation of their people?

The rationale for normalized abortion is that killing people is no big deal, the rationale for human sacrifice is that killing people is THE BIGGEST deal. 

I'm not saying we should break out the obsidian knives, but I think this is another one of those practices of our fathers that we are taught to immediately sneer at "oh, how could they have been so IGNORANT and BARBARIC back then?" Not ALL of these practices were necessarily good or worth resurrecting, but there was much more to all of them than we are made to believe. Chesterton's fence, and all that.

[Anyway, Chemosh accepted the offering--King Mesha won his war and destroyed his enemy.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesha_Stele)
