A lot of the genius downsides generally make them more insufferable. Being disconnected with feelings or socially bad tends to just be kind of crap.

I mean, it's okay, as long as they're not actually alone. Have other characters constantly seek them out or whatever.

Robots and edgy ANBU types are annoying af. We like Kakashi as an adult who's a fucking annoying troll, not as an edgy preteen or ANBU robot. Fics that have a rando go into ANBU to be a robot are a dime a dozen.

I think you probably have an idea of what's bad, though, considering you don't want arrogance and what not.

"Genius" is largely two things. One, being faster at making connections between things. So learning the pattern faster, since that's what learning is, or just connecting the dots in general faster. The other aspect is how much they've done whatever task.

In theory, geniuses of the first type should also be good socially. In real life, they might be autistic/Asperger's, and have actual social issues with their brain. But often times, it's really just the second type, where the genius is the genius because they focused on a speciality early and didn't socialize enough to gain social skills.

Whether you decide to have them deficient in social skills is your choice. But a good idea is to have someone highly skilled in one specific area, not everything, mediocre but not fully socially unaware, and maybe normal or better than normal general pattern matching skills. Motivation is also another huge factor -- genius of hard work and all that.

There are a lot of directions to go for. You just don't want them to be so particularly asocial that it'll drag the story down, because social interactions are the lifeblood of stories.

And as someone else said, maybe Shikamaru is suitable? Otherwise, how genius do they really need to be? SIs are often Kakashi genius out of the academy because they're SIs and want the power fantasy. But boosting them so far can also negatively impact the story, really.

And remember, if you protagonist is genuinely super smart, you may need to make sure enemies are appropriately smart -- as a kid, they should still be outsmarted by Danzo and Orochimaru and Tobi and Madara and so on, who all have information and skill advantages. Stories where the protag can outsmart everybody are boring as fuck, unless they're not motivated or whatever.
