I get you, after 35 year with graphic design and advertising I can just say that it is a hard business and I’m not at all thrilled about it anymore. The main problem is that visual creatives serves commercial business for the most part, and most jobs in commercial business are BS - more or less mindless to do tasks to make a living unless you are in core strategy or similar decision making groups. You put that next to communication art and there is a huge gap in the context and what it takes to do the job. That gap does not get recognized because non creatives does not know what it is - they think it is some kind of decoration or some kind of trend related  work, push some buttons and it’s all gonna be fine. Even people in production management often do not have a clue, and those who does often sit in motion, 3D and VFX Were they do need to have.a clue, not to burn budgets and deadline.

GD and related jobs are the hands on in the communication - you are the construction worker and the world is not fair place, those doing the actual work often get the lowest attention. You do not get into GD without some kind of artistic merit - meaning giving part yourself to the job and that might be a key why it will feel much harder than a 9-5 job where you leave and forget about it till the next workday.

There are even books written about all those corporate bullshit jobs that mainly exists to attract similar large corporations.

Visual communication is a very unique art form and only people inside the business understand - but most people weirdly have an opinion about it nevertheless, mention something like programming and nobody claims to know anything because they do not understand the language of programming vs looking at some visual design and decide if you like it or not. I have experienced clients who went home and asked their wife about a design suggestion, which off course returned the most stupendous feedback, since the wife was not briefed, did not understand the target group etc.

This kind of general ignorance is properly what makes the GD job the hardest. Add to it the vast amount of cheap online offers for logos, letterheads etc. All GDs that I know care about the output they create, but you for a large part you are  “feeding pigs with pearls” (no offense to pigs 🐷 they are actually very clever animals). 

So the job as a graphic or visual designer is certainly no walk in the park which is why you should choose who you work for carefully. There are so many assholes around this business, like marketing managers who cares mostly about the name and reputation of the agency they choose to work with - they use it to brag to other marketing managers. Then you have all the covert marketing clowns who plays so smart that they slip through the fact that they know close to nothing - they support projects only if they can sniff success and will obstruct anything that is a challenge and need work from them - it us because they don’t know and are scared of failing even the slightest, because it would blow their cover on any critical inspection.

A very great addition to the GD job is taking a financial or marketing education, add on - that way you can shut down all those ignorant and super self serving assholes with a language and fact they can not ignore. 

Just consider that your jobs demand for a lot of thinking, emotional valuation, reflective and strategic 
Considerations before it all comes together in visual output - all those thoughts are your strongest arguments, but in the end it will not be you that decides which option will be the final output.

There are two kinds of stress - stress because of ignorance, bad briefings etc leaving a GD with nearly impossible tasks, this stress is cancer and should be dealt with immediately with the risk of loosing your job. Then there is deadline stress, meaning overtime work, that stress is okay if you know what to do - it’s just hard work. Just make sure it is not like that all the time and if it is you should be payed plentiful and consider how long time you can keep it up before it wears you out.

I would advise any young GD to consider adding programming, motion, VFX, animation or 3D to their Skills, since they are all areas which most people have no clue how it works, and therefore gets a lot more respect than pure Graphic Design.
