The Sith code is just how people generally function. Our passions are what drive us, and because of passion we get better in whatever we're passionate about, which grants us victories in our chosen field, which even in mundane environments can be its own form of liberation. And so long as there is something needing doing, you will always be driven to action (that's the "no peace" part).  The Sith take this philosophy to martial action, but it can be directed at any facet of life. I also don't understand why it's considered inherently evil )there's nothing inherently evil about emotions and passion, it is NATURAL, HEALTHY, AND HUMAN). The code is equally applicable to a light-sided force user.  If their personal passion was protecting others or tending to their community, then the Sith philosophy would be just as applicable.  They'd likely be more unpredictable than a Jedi, perhaps hot-tempered or impulsive, but not inherently violent or sadistic.

The Jedi are more violent and sadistic than the sith, in a lot of different ways. 
For one, they are simply in disillusion about their own violence, because they have no problem fighting, training to fight, or becoming angry (not all anger lead to violence, it's important to draw a distinction between anger as an emotion and acting on that anger). The Jedi are sadistic in many ways, among them they take children from their parents and what Qui-Gon did to Anakin as a child to bring him to the Jedi temple would actually be illegal according to the law on this planet (stealing a blood sample from a child without parental consent which is a serious invasion of privacy and violation of human rights, and Qui-Gon even made up that whole "checking your blood for infections" lie, it's so creepy, it's how a cult treats children, like property, and also lying to them and deceiving them as to what the cult is doing to them). The Jedi also see other beings as their subjects, even their vassals in many cases, for example clones, which are living beings yet to a Jedi they're only marching to their death so the Jedi don't have to do their own job in the galaxy. 

The Jedi are simply unaware and delusional about their own violence and hatred, as well as their own darkness, passion, emotions, desire, etc, they believe balance to the force means only the light side wins (what kind of view of balance is the eradication of the opposing side? balance is a pluralistic society with a plurality of different religions, practices, methods, viewpoints, opinions, beliefs, etc, not a fucking echo chamber) but balance to the force actually means between the light and darkness, embracing and using both, not just the light and that's how the Jedi are delusional. The "light" side is the rational side of the force and the "dark" side is the emotional side of the force and a human being is made up of both parts, they are both rational and emotional, and there's no balance if one doesn't embrace and use both aspects of what makes them human. 

In the beginning the Jedi studied and used both aspects of the force, until a bunch of Jedi full of prejudice and extreme intolerance decided to outlaw the emotional side of the force or the emotional aspect of human beings and kill every single "dark" Jedi or Sith that wanted the right of self-determination and the right to determine their own conscience and beliefs. It was the Jedi's prejudice and extreme intolerance that pushed the Sith further and further into the "dark"/emotional side. The Jedi are control freaks who don't want people to be allowed to choose and determine their own beliefs without fear of religious oppression and persecutions. A lot of Jedi are not "good guys". 

Also the Jedi completely blocked themselves off of feeling any emotions, they have given up their humanity and are fine with basically being machines. If you can'T FEEL, you might as well be physically dead, because you definitely are dead on the inside, life just isn't worth living when you completely block yourself off of feeling any emotions, that is unnatural and messed up and anti-human, anti-humanism. This is one of many reasons why I would rather die than join the Jedi or become a Jedi.

continued in my next post because of character limit...
