The fact that Caitlyn does not have any cool scene is only the tip of the iceberg. Arcane did her dirty in general.
  


Think about every single interaction between her and Vi, and try to find a single example of Caitlyn having a "last word". Of her being actually, and consequently correct in an argument of sorts.
  
I'll give you one. Right after she chases off Sevika, when she blames Vi for alerting Silco's goons.
  
That's it. That's literally it. You won't find anything else. And even here Vi could easily defend herself, which I guess she didn't do because of dizziness...
  


Vi: He's gonna know we're here now...
  
Caitlyn: Who's fault is that?
  
Me: Yours, Caitlyn. Sure, Vi did attack her, and get beaten up, but you COULD just shot her in the head. So you are just as much at fault here.
  


Almost everything else Caitlyn says and does, is either foolish, naive, hypocritical, or all at once. Sometimes she even gets ignorant, and insensitive. Characters like Vi, Heimendiger, and even Ekko (who's in this show for like 20 minutes...) get at least one good quote. A line, which can be used as an advice in real-life scenarios, becouse it does not touches a very specific situation. Name one such a quote from Caitlyn.
  
You can't.
  
Because there is none.
  
Her two most memorable speeches are literal apologies, and they don't go anywhere. They have no consequences. Everything she says is either proven wrong, or disregarded. Even when she is technically right, it does not matter, because someone will find something to say, in order to shut her up (oil and water, anyone...?). And that only makes her look like someone who either does not believe in what he says, or is too incompetent to give a good argument. Or both. I used to like her talk with Vi in the latter childhood home, but on a rewatch I realized a lot of things Vi said, she did while hallucinating, making Caitlyn's words feel empty, since she does not understand what Vi meant. Her scene with a shimmer junkie (love that scene, btw) would be great, even with what happened with the guy later, but when you realize that was literally her only major win, it kinda loses it's meaning.
  


And then we get to her actual competence, which is almost non-existent. Caitlyn is one of the most useless characters in this series. Episode 4 is fine, if you don't nitpick that she got caught in Powder's distraction, or was unable to talk to her superiors in an effective way. It's also the only episode which shows her investigative skills. And what she achived through this skills? Well, she met Vi, who's literally the only reason for Caitlyn's existence in this show. After that it's only worse. Vi just keeps humiliating her on every step, with both her skills, experience and during aforementioned conversations. Caitlyn saves her life by shooting a beat-up woman from a higher position (impresive... -,-), after that she gives away her rifle, and becomes factually useless. She does not do anything that's remotely meaningful, and in every ensuing confrontation she's taken out of equasion in first few seconds, without landing a single hit. Twice by literal ONE punch, and once off-camera. Not to mention some of her decisions actually caused some of those incidents. Then there is her entire body-language during tense-situations, which is mostly limited to quivering and covering, that I understand and would give a pass if not literally every other thing I just mentioned.
  


,,But Caitlyn is not a main character, in addition to being one of many others! There was no time to give her meaningful scenes!"
  


Well, if you don't have time to give someone more moments to shine, how about not using time you have to focus on said character's flaws? Caitlyn actually have all the screen-time she needs, all that was needed, was to make those scenes differently. Make her act in different way, and say different things!
  


Ex:
  
When Vi knocks down her house with one punch, after Caitlyn struggling to do so, what we basically see are two heroines, who are equally smart. But Vi is stronger.
  
How about making Vi actually want to take on shimmered goons in a fight, but also having Caitlyn stopping her and telling her to punch a weak pillar? That way you show both how strong Vi is, how clever Caitlyn is, AND how well they work together!
  


There were so many things you could do! Make her actually suspect Marcus of corruption early on! Make her succesfully convince other enforcers on the bridge of her right, before the explosion, showing her leadership skills, which are damn well needed for a future-sheriff! Make her ask Vi what happened to her parents, instead of assuming she should have them! And since she's giving lessons of trust, make her actually trusting others! All those things does not require more scenes, just few changes!
  


,,But Arcane Caitlyn is a rookie, sheltered by her parents! Her naivety, and incompetence are part of her arc, that's the way they meant her to be!"
  


Oh, really!? Making Caitlyn utterly incompetent, always wrong, or inactive character to THE VERY END OF THE SEASON, whose only redeemable qualities are the fact that she means well, and feels sorry whenever she fails, all for the sake of under-developed character arc, is a good way of directing her, you say? Well, I don't know if creators meant it to be that way, but I sure know I don't have to enjoy it.
  


Making Caitlyn a rookie is not a bad concept on its own. Being a rookie, and lacking experience in certain domains, does not mean she has to be shot-down, or outdone by everyone around. It does not mean she can't have skills that are very useful (and.. Use them, for example...?), or have certain skills in general. It does not mean she has to bo wrong at every step, simply becouse she did not witness things first-hand. She's supposed to be one of the most clever characters around! She's literally Sherlock Holmes of Runeterra! You are telling me, it could never occur to her, that there might be corruption within enforcers ranks? You are telling me, she could never know some people abuse legal power they have in inhuman way? You are telling me, she never thought that many citizens of Zaun were left orphaned at young age? That's just ridiculous!
  


Truth is, Vi did more bad-ass things when she was a teenager, than Caitlyn did in the entire show. And since Caitlyn has less screen time, I think it's especially vital for her to get prominent moments that shows her competence, and her own legitimacy. That could make her... You know...? Likable? Admirable? Favored?
  


And don't you dare telling me it would be unrealistic. The show clearly does not care about that. Jayce - FREAKING JAYCE - is shown to hold his own against cyber-shimmer-mutants, even though nothing indicated he had any fighting training whatsoever! Yeah, having abbs does not equal martial prowess! And Caitlyn was made an enforcer! Are you telling me, they have ZERO training requierd? Are you telling me, Caitlyn couldn't learn anything about hand-to-hand combat, or moving through a city while giving a chase? Even if not (somehow...?), there are tons of other ways you could explain her skills and experience, while you don't have to do it at all, which Jayce kindly showed us (side note: I hate this entire fight scene, solely becouse Jayce is in it. And I am one o those rare people that actually like Jayce).

When you think about it, all the characters are shown to be quite, if not very competent in what they are doing (exept for politics, I guess...). Vi does not seem to need learning much, same is with Jinx. Ekko is doing pretty well with what he does. Viktor and Jayce are amazing scientists, and then there was the Jayce fight scene... Everybody seems to be really good at something. Everybody exept Caitlyn. One bleeding goon found, and three bullets shot into a metal arm. That's her accomplishment.
