There has been loads of them in history. In ancient Rome they had the triumbrant, a conspiracy of three powerful men devised to allow them to rule the empire. It was successful only temporarily before eventually Ceasar killed the other two to become sole ruler. That was a small conspiracy and it imploded as soon as all three members realised they all wanted to be the leader of the trio and thus most powerful person in Rome.

So even in examples of real life conspiracies known to have been conducted, we can see that even a conspiracy of just a few people is tenuous at best as soon as any one conspirator dissents from the others.

They most definitely don't function in a way that they can be both effective and big at the same time.

The bigger the secret or lie, the more people required in the conspiracy. 

The more people involved, the less stable the conspiracy is.

More conspirators = more variables. 

Those two pieces of logic alone are enough to make me skeptical about most of them. 

Additionally, if we take the moon landing conspiracy as an example, we'll see that maintaining this conspiracy would cost an enormous amount of money, and require the cooperation of multiple different organisations and individuals, ranging a variety of fields from science, to media, to law enforcement etc.

Faking what has become one of the biggest moments of the last century of history would require a small population of people to implement. 

Even if only the first moon landing was fake and subsequent ones were real, it would STILL be a monumental cover up to maintain even decades on. 

So with that in mind, would the gains of faking the moon landing be worth the massive, staggering, logistical and financial cost?

How far would the founders or leaders of conspiracy go to protect the secret and how much MORE resources would be required to cover up the stamping out of any leaks? 

How could such a conspiracy be maintained in perpetuity? With society changing, people dying and being born and entering the work force, reshuffling of departments and funding distribution; how would a conspiracy that big survive over time without either old conspirators being discovered or confessing, or new conspirators blowing the whistle or questioning it's purpose? 

Human beings invariably act based on individual, personal motivations.

So if the moon landing was faked, there would be someone somewhere in all that time who would either attempt to personally gain from the conspiracy by revealing it; or you'd have someone somewhere who couldn't morally abide by such a big lie and would want to reveal it. 

the person you send to deal with that person won't deal with them for free, and they can still reveal what they know at any time, if not the conspiracy, then the murder. 

And so, obviously, this would result in a perpetual loop or requiring help and resources to maintain the conspiracy and then having to keep all those conspirators happy and quiet. 

So we can see very fast with the moon landing example why it would be basically impossible. Because the people that believe in it are definitely overestimating the integrity and general ability of people to live with huge knowledge and share it. 

Most other gigantic conspiracy theories would come up against the same problems I just described and a lot of those, such as Flat Earth, don't even have a financial motivation for existing. 

Conspiracy theories involving smaller groups and smaller stakes do exist and I'm less skeptical of those, but then those arent as crazy or exciting as what we think of as conspiracy theories, which generally people mean to be like huge global conspiracies. 

The number one test for a conspiracy theory is to simply ask "why would anyone conspire to this end?"

If the answer is "I don't know why anyone would", the conspiracy theory is bullshit. 

Conspiracy Theories are more like ghost stories and UFO abduction stories for me. There is always some elements of truth or reality in them and therefore a small slither of possibility of being true in some cases which is why they are such a fun rabbit hole to dive down, as entertainment. 

Like the moon landing was not faked. But has the government always told 100 per cent of the truth about it's space program 100 per cent of the time? Of course not. The lies may not be as big as a fake moon landing but knowing they exist adds a tantalising layer of entertainment to any moon landing theory. 

The problem is people are so ready to believe they live inside a cartoon that they believe in these theories because they ultimately want them to be true. 

It certainly would be cool if real life was like the X files hey. 

Only it wouldn't, and it isn't. 

That's the reason so many dumber theories gain popularity. Not because theyre credible but because people just want it to be. 

And they also a lot of times wouldn't mind being known as the person who uncovered the truth. 

Some of my favourite shows like X files and south Park deal with batshit crazy stuff and other people covering it up or lying about it. 

But the one thing I don't like about those shows is the segment of the audience who will always want their own lives to be as crazy and eventful as the characters on the shows and thus are more willing to buy into conspiracy theories because it makes the world more fun. 

But it also makes people dumber, more gullible and ignorant of real problems. 

This has been my stoned at 3am essay  I'm sure no one read at all.
