The comment that started this chain is this:

&gt;I figure the direction-ists are the ones fighting in the streets and shouting slogans who have no idea about what anything is or means while everyone else are just people who think something.

You state outright here that you think that these "directionists" "have no idea about what anything is or means". How is anyone supposed to interpret this hyperbolic and dismissive statement as anything but adversarial? You're also getting upset that I said out loud what your initial comment inferred and since you don't seem to feel any inclination to expand on it all I can do is interpret the scant information I have. 

And yes, that is asking what you think. I added "they disagree with me so they must be ignorant and stupid" because frankly that's an extremely common attitude, especially from people who self identify as centrists, which it appears you do at least to a degree. Had that been the case that would be an easy cue to just move on as there'd be no grounds for discussion. It certainly wouldn't be the first time that has been the case in my years on Reddit.

The biggest issue in this discussion, which I think could be a productive and interesting one if you'd be willing to engage in it rather than look for ways you can dismiss me as not engaging in good faith, is that there is literally no indication of what you believe apart from "directionists are ignorant". Even then, "directionists" remains undefined and through the context of the thread I can only infer you mean the far left and far right. You're upset that your statements are being, apparently, misinterpreted and I sympathize with that but without any context as to what it is you actually believe that's inevitable.  In the interest of good faith I'll go first and describe my basic position and philosophy so that you have a crumb of context to go alongside my comments:

I believe in the abolition of permanent and unjust hierarchies and want any hierarchical position (ranging from elected delegates to factory floor managers to military officers) to be elected by the people concerned and immediately recallable. I want democracy to be more accountable, more consensual and more decentralized and I'm for it's extension into our work lives, which are now run as a series of petty dictatorships. Socially I'm progressive, I support anti-racism, decolonization, feminism, cultural pluralism, LGBT rights, etc. etc. I only identify with the far left as that's the box positions like mine have been put in in the public consciousness.
