The grass is greener on the other side.  The problem is lack of guide in navigating gender roles. Being a man has its perks and disadvantages  just as much as being a woman has its perks and disadvantages.  Biological differences take part in shaping those gender roles. Now if i assumed being a man is more difficult than what its worth , i'd love to be a woman to adopt benefits of that gender role.  Its barganing because i never been taught how to fit into a new gender role and navigating life in a new role would be challenging and require efforts to combat my genetics.  But i will never fully be a woman, i wouldnt be treated as a woman , and i would never learn the struggles of being a woman- never experience periods or giving birth or clitoral orgasm.  Never experience sexual harrassment to the extent women do.  Instead i would be navigating a whole new role of neither being a man or a woman , so logically i would adopt benefits of both worlds while manipulating disadvantages to my comfort.  My role in society would be useless because i would be neither a manly man capable of strengths and protecting the weak, and i can't bare children.  Instead i feel unsafe , attacked from both groups while navigating identity issues. What would i do ? I'd form a community like LGBTQ for safe space to feel like myself and put my worries to rest.  This safespace , cultural appropriation etc in turn inhibits my emotional potential because suddenly i have an army of people who support me despite if im doing good or bad. Lack of critical feedback wont help me navigate who i ought to be , but instead turns me into a snowflake, where my feelings are protected , my ideas cant be challenged and my pronouns can be whatever i say they are despite that no one cares.  

Lets tak about bullying. Bullying exists as a mechanism to facilitate criticism in the most basic format which is hurtful and ignorant and can be abusive.  However bullying is beneficial at establishing social norms- useful if you want to fit in. 

 As a guy i've been bullied for my weight - while at the time it was hurtful , i understand that my peers pointed it out because being overweight is neither attractive  nor healthy and it affected my image.  This helped to motivate me to stay in shape; i would still be oblivious of importance of this if i lived in a safe bubble where fatshaming is wrong and my feelings are protected. 

If i acted camp and gay during my childhood - peers would bully that behaviour to help me adjust to my expected social role as strong and manly guy.  Although entangled in abuse ( expected in children as they havent developed empathetic filter till a certain age),the main spirit is there to help me longterm. 

So how does this affect my identity ? 
Well if i happen to be born a man but with feminine features like round face , small in size , soft high pitched voice. I'd feel more comfortable calling myself a woman because i would be bullied for attributes outside of my control. And would strive to get a sex change to fit in. But that sex change would never allow me to fit in fully despite best attempts and makeup.  

If i dont get a sex change i will be bullied for just being myself. So do i choose the easy way out and safe space ? Or do i become a man through harsh struggle of reality check ?  Life is already hard, i'd choose the safespace  for temporary solution to my hurt feelings. 

Now , if i dont have the choice of safespace, i have a necessity to survive navigating puberty and figuring out my natural gender role through trial and error.  Because those are the cards i've been dealt in life and i have to make due with them.  I have no choice of my gender, my ethnicity , my socio-economic status nor the family i was born into that is responsible for making me a functioning adult. 

As of right now , i identify myself as a human first. Im a living being capable of range of emotions , behaviours and quirks wayyyy outside of my gender roles. I can act masculin and i can act feminine whenever i want. I can dress in any clothes i want.  But i will choose to adopt social norms fitting with my biological gender simply because its easier to be a man if i was born a man than  to completly change everything that i learned through trial and error simply to mimic someone im not but trying very hard to be.   I think this would only add to my confusion regarding my identity and would become a smokescreen for other underlying issues like self esteem.  

We are intelligent beings and we understand that social norms arent set in stone and they evolve just as fast as fashion.  We are only just starting to eliminate toxic masculinity from men , and teaching women that men arent indestructible emotionally despite our best efforts  of proving you wrong through toxic masculinity because thats a trait we learned through trial and error and bullying. 

With that said , we can adapt to be feminine or masculine despite what we have between our legs.  

Trouble starts when we try to find a partner that carries basic standard of expectations. This creates a niche or pool of potential candidates that fit the predetermined expectations.  

 We tend to look for partners that complete us in areas we are weak.  Together becoming a better function.  We didn't have a say in evolution and how it shaped men to be physically bigger than women  and how it shaped women to be more emotionally aware than men. But as a team it doesnt matter because we carry out roles we were predetermined for in a way that all areas are covered for thriving.  And it works because natural selection determined it that way and possibly put us on top of the food chain. 

Now survival of the fitest wired our brains for tasks we are predetermined for. Individuals excelling at these tasks will be more attractive to the opposite sex  creating a social norm. Thats why its attractive for a guy to be tall and strong and able to provide and if i want to find a mate i need to excel in these traits or compensate somehow depending on competition or become obsolete and not good enough to mate with. 

Pretty hard to figure out the dating dynamic between 2 genders while navigating personality, identity and social norms. 

Now add LGBTQ community into the mix , with fluid sexualities because we dont choose what we are attracted to outside from what social norms condition us to  and suddenly its confusing. Especially when social norms evolve and gender roles become blurred due to feminism. It adds unnecessary complexity to already complex world , reducing pool of candidates due to new variations and new niche subgroups. 

Our identity should be based on our personality , not whats between our legs that determins gender roles. 

Now what im saying isn't ' men have to be this this and that while women have to be this this and that. 

What i am saying however is actions and behaviours have consequences which can impact how our peers view us ( think of attraction ). I can fit myself into a certain category like for example a cis male and adopt traits which will enable me to find a partner which im trying to appease to ( cis women ).  So if i act like a man , look like a man , i will be perceived as a man and be treated according to social norms synonymous with masculinity and being a man.  Its a path of least resistance given i was born as a male. 

Concluding , 
  Your identity is your ego, you are just a vessel capable of adaptation to environment. Whats between your legs gives you a predetermined sexual function but ignores social norms- that said acting a certain way has its consequences among peers and there are favoured traits which determine our attractivness to potential mates. 

If you feel like you need to change everything about you to fit a new role that you identify with. It might be simpler to re-evaluate whats causing this decision and consider that being a man or a woman wont change who you are as a human ( your ego). It will give you more lables increasing complexity and making it harder to find a match.  

Safe space and cultural appropriation of new genders and behaviours provided by LGBTQ community can be toxic when not in moderation - producing a flawed characteristic of being sheltered and unprepared to cope with criticism from peers ( creating snowflake people getting triggered over pronouns).

This my opinion - its not worth anything.

I support LGBTQ community and equal civil rights.
I also support traditional gender roles - it gives stability in figuring out this experience called life. 

But the truth is , we need to adapt to majority  because we cant make the majority adapt to us.
