&gt;Like, if it was about only diagnosed people I'll be mostly ok with it, but almost everyone there is diagnosing their ex partners themselves and it infuriates me.

I couldn't agree more, this is my primary issue with the sub. They often complain that they aren't therapists and can't be expected to deal with all the bpd drama because of that, yet they're apparently experts at diagnosing others...

Today I deadass saw someone upvoted for saying the sub is "basically just a support sub for those with abusive partners, it's not important for them to have the borderline diagnosis". Then maybe you should call it /r/Abuse_Victim_LovedOnes instead? Do they not see how much this contributes to the already awful bpd stigma?

They don't seem capable of recognizing that this causes the cyclical issue of people misdiagnosing loved ones, sharing stories that align more with NPD/ASPD/etc features, and then others with similar experience see it as 'proof' that their ex had BPD, and so the cycle perpetuates. They talk about how so many of their stories are *so* similar without realizing that the majority of the familiar aspects are present in almost any unhealthy/abusive relationship regardless of diagnosis, so they come out of it thinking that those abusive traits and aspects are just what borderline is. That's why people say it's a hate sub, even though that confuses them- the bottom line message they push is ignorant and often hateful.

It's unfortunate for the portion of users who are reasonable and genuinely care for their loved ones who go there looking for help and support, I've seen folks like that be heavily downvoted and insulted for disagreeing with their hateful echo-chamber. 

Oh, and lately it seems they also love to claim BPD is uncurable and only a tiny % can ever improve through treatment and medication, but then go on to relentlessly shit-talk their 'loved one' for being unmedicated or untreated.

Honestly, whoever said the sub should actually be called "BPD Love Dones" instead of "Loved Ones" hit the nail on the head. Sorry for this late and very rambly reply!
