You're calling people cunts and then crying when they throw insults your way and want to talk about civility? That whiteness is really jumping out there. 

Now, let's get into your non-arguments. Notice how you didn't say anything other than that I'm deranged b/c, according to nothing but you, "far-left rhetoric is largely accepted on these platforms." The "far-left rhetoric" that they accept is someone saying "capitalism is evil and I support indigenous land back movements." Meanwhile, the far-right rhetoric that you're fighting for is "Gay people are abominations who will burn in hell and Europe should be for whites only." 

Yeah, I'm sorry you're a dipshit centrist, but these two things are not equally bad. More importantly, and let's take personal morals out of it, the former does not violate any TOS of any platform while the latter breaks at least two. 

Despite this, still, and I noticed how you ignored the numbers because they directly refute your point, the biggest personalities on every single platform are comfortably right wing. Even far right many would argue. You have Facebook admitting they break their own TOS when it comes to conservatives, because if they applied their TOS many elected officials and popular conservatives pundits would've been banned already. Same with Twitter. 

Also, I'm not talking about "normal" people, so there is nothing for us to agree with there. Facebook users and Baby Boomers are not "normal" people. In fact, more "normal people" are left of center on social and economic issues than right of center. At least in America. It seems like you need to read several books because you sound extremely ignorant and uneducated. I can't imagine a person with even a grade school's understanding of far-right movements applauding the inclusion of a far-right streamer in some poor attempt at balance. I can't imagine being that stupidly centrist you're unironically arguing "I think fascists need to be represented on Twitch. I'm very smart." Did you finish school?
