Let's revisit what started this conversation:

&gt;&gt;I'm trying to understand his motivation for crossing while the light was still red.

&gt;The motivation is that he is a lazy dumb fuck. People will play into your heart strings in order to get sympathy from others and other material things.

Why did he cross on the red light? You say it's because he's homeless and doesn't need a wheelchair.

I'm trying to figure out what the fuck that would have to do with anything. But I'm also trying to figure out why it matters if he needs the chair or not. Because considering how many wheelchair users get shit from people who don't understand how many people need chairs that aren't stuck in them, it sure sounds like you're jumping in here with things that are very abelist and ignorant, and have nothing to do with the issue at hand.

&gt;For one. The idiot is crossing on red hand. He doesn’t have the right away.

Yeah, no shit. He doesn't have the right-of-way. That's why dude at a minimum made a poor choice, and is arguable an idiot for making the crossing.

That doesn't explain why your previous answer brought in whether or not he's homeless and whether or not he needs the wheelchair.

&gt;This type of behavior is characteristic of someone who doesn’t give a fuck and will utilize his “disability” to get what he want or con people for shit.

You have no clue if dude is homeless or not, but you have assumed. And assumptions that have brought on a whole other cascase of assumptions on top of them.

I'll skip over some other points I'd like to make and just get to this:

&gt;Just because you haven’t seen malicious behavior from people in wheelchair doesn’t mean that it doesn’t happen. Now get off my nuts!

Just because you see some people behave in a certain way doesn't EVEN mean that this person is homeless or faking disability. None of that has anything to do with the idiotic decision they made to cross when they didn't have the right-of-way.

But what you ARE doing is basically saying "Hey, that dude looks black. Man, I bet they commit crime! This video of them running down the street? I bet they're running away from just having committed a crime!"

It's not a good look on you and doesn't help the negative stereotypes.

You claim to know that wheelchairs can be valid for people who can stand up? Then you, more than the average joe, should know that has little or nothing to do with this person being an idiot.

Even if they ARE homeless, even if they ARE faking a disability, it has nothing to do with them being stupid and crossing on a red. So why even bring it up?

Oh, because it's clear that you think homeless people are bad people from the way you talk about them.

I'm just saying there's a shitload of everything in what you said that shouldn't have been said or even thought.

Are there homeless people that act poorly? Sure. Are there non-homeless that act poorly? Oh, but that's somehow different. People shit on homeless people way more than homeless people shit on property - and if we actually took care of our homeless and didn't lock them out of everywhere, maybe they'd have better places to shit anyway.

So no, I'm not backing up off your nuts. I think everything you have said is highly inappropriate.

Am I perfect? Hells no. I fuck shit up all the time. But you hit some hot button issues with me. lol. And yeah, I'm calling you out strongly, and still have reason to do so. But I will say - I'm sure you're a perfectly good guy, and while I *am* slamming your balls with a sledgehammer, I'm sure you do good things for people in your life and all that business. I'm just taking strong issue with things you've said here, man.

NUTS AHOY :P
