By far my favourite vehicle of any game. That feeling of standing in the vehicle and being able to move your head, change cameras and pilot it concurrently was amazing. Being able to build inside, create a moving base, add aquariums and your favourite fish to a vehicle? Insanely cool.

Researching and building all these new things you start venturing into an unknown cave in search of answers tapping sonar to preserve your fuel, except you see it uncover something in the distance. You manually switch to silent mode and turn off all the lights before noticing that its swimming straight towards you screaming before it crashes into your sub. While the awesome music blares, you kick the lights back on and switch back to full power engines trying desperately to escape in an absolute panic. This base is irreplaceable you think, I have so much in here, what about Jim? The first fish you caught upon discovering aquariums exist? I'll save scum before I let Jim down I tell you.

After another hit you are forced to venture outside for immediate repairs. Reluctant, unsure of whether you're going to be immediately eaten or where the bitch is. So you fire off a precious decoy, manually leave the wheel and wade through the water seeping into your sub as fires rage and alarms blare. You jump out the hatch to repair a few holes hoping it stops the sub from perhaps blowing up, unaware and new to the game. Absolutely shitting yourself expecting a jumpscare or to be eaten at any moment. Before swimming for your life back inside, shooting off another decoy and hightailing it back to where you feel safe. When you do, you sit there, contemplating what the fuck just happened.

I'll never forgive Subnautica 2 for not giving me another moment remotely close to that. The Cyclops single-handedly carries the first game far above the 2nd in my opinion. I understand that the map isn't designed for such a vehicle and all I can say is that it should have been. Exploring the Reaper's territories was far greater than the entirety of Below Zero. Why they have so little large lethal fauna is beyond me. Pretty sure there are more reapers than all large lethal fauna combined in the 2nd. I don't even know the name of the stupid land thing I was supposed to care about in Below Zero, I've already continued to replay the first game over the second.
