Magic. And technology. And how ignorant and illogical and stupid the wizards and witch are (exclude Hermione and Dumbedore).

First, magic is obviously unrealistic. 

Second, technology. The entire wizarding world is stuck in the medieval ages. No electricity, no computers. Magic seems to have some kind of interactions with tech, but sure, they can figure out how to incorporate both. Using computers in the Ministry will sure help with the mess of bureaucratic thingy there. Using electricity will make wizards' lives thousands of times better. Using some machine guns, and no wizard would be fast enough to cast a protego to protect himself (unless he can use charm without saying it, something only a few can do, as most wizard and witches are shown to be very bad at magic, many adults are magically-weaker than schoolboys at Hogwarts).

Third, the ignorance of the magical communities. What the hell is the Ministry ? Get taken by a silence revolt ? Then in 9 months get taken by another revolt lead by a schoolboy just because of your Dark Lord died ?

The illogical fear of Muggles. I know, it is meant to represent the senselessness of racism in real life, but it still bug me, as much as racism. Just think of how wizards could be if they just learn technology from Muggles. Also, they think that they can take over the world of Muggles in a war (not a silence coup by using Polyjuice potions) when the muggles literally outnumber them 10,000 to 1 and have weapons that can delete an entire country in a shot (nukes). And the fact that most wizards are bad at magic (the Weasley brothers said that even in the Ministry, there are few who could cast such a simple spell as the Protection charm).

And they breed soul sucking creatures to keep prisoners in a prison that you could be sent without any crimes (Hagrid's case). And their government is a totalarian dystopian horror like a mixture of a Byzatine bureaucracy and shadow council. Ministers only do things that benefit them. Citizens believe everything the press say. The Minister having absolute power and should be sured to rule for life (they can exploit the Daily Prophets to make propaganda about themselves, like how Fudge did to destroy Harry Potter's reputation).

I know, the entire setting is to make fun of real life. And they did a great job.
