&gt;more important than discoveries in physics

They're both important, but to pretend that physics discoveries have the same type of lasting affect and influence that spiritual figures and their beliefs have had on the world. It doesn't take a religious person to acknowledge this very basic fact but it would definitely come with ease from a materialistic fundamentalist anti-theist. Somebody like yourself would find it very difficult naming 5 or six important scientists from different cultures from BCE and before, but find it much easier to list a handful of deities, notable spiritural teachers, and even their specific beliefs. Intentionally disagreeing with this very obvious fact is just intellectual dishonesty at its simplest. Which I believe is funny in a way, considering you yourself are fervish with materialist indoctrination, which makes you have religious-tier esteem for specific physicists and believe their contributions to that field is somehow equivalent to the work and teachings of impactful philosophers and medicants.

&gt;the fictional jesus in your book.

1. Not a Christian, for starters.
2. Please don't repeat that infront of a history major. There is a Roman account of his existence and there were written accounts of him by his disciples around the time of and after his death. If you are going to discount the fact that there was a human being who we referred to as Jesus Christ being real, then you need to also discount historical accounts of Plato, Homer, Heraclitus, Xeno of Crate, and especially Socrates, because the only 'evidence' of their existences are eyewitness accounts and people who studied underneath them. 

&gt;both same books

Very telling you haven't done much introspection on the topic itself, or just blatantly have read anti-theist critiques of the literature and not much beyond that from trying to look up 'cool bible passages to own the fundies with.'

The Gnostic gospels, which are most of the earlier Christian works, don't have Jesus being betrayed for money by Judas and he is given up to the authorities for a completely different reason. Also, it doesn't take much literary skill to recognize that with the other take that both Joseph and Jesus were 'betrayed for money' that they're establishing a parallel.

&gt;it almost sounds like the council of narcia decided what stories made jesus sound more than a mortal

Except he was definitely more particular than the normal person. He's more than a mortal in a similar, but not exact, way that Socrates is more than a mortal. It's not hard to figure out that, if you actually go beyond reading modern English tranations and try to seek out more intact source material, that the Bible, (like the quoran or things like Vedic and buddhist scripture) is 2/3rds words with hidden meaning. Please find a translation of the Gospel of Thomas, as the entire sermon is about finding the 'hidden' meaning that lies in the metaphors and phrases of the teachings. The fact that you can only read the tale as it is literally happening and can not perceive the meaning of the metaphors or words being used means that you are missing basically the entire scriptures. Let those who have ears, let them hear.

&gt;1000 years of anti-blasphemy laws
 
just gonna repeat that you should do more historical research on this topic because it is very clear you are repeating points made by historically and theologically uneducated people. Lots of different societies had different spiritual and cultural practices, which era and which part of the world are you referring to? People who make very broad statements like that typically don't have much knowledge in that topic, like 'the concept of law was created by hamurabi's code'. It's a sweeping statement made by people with not even bare minimum expertise in the subject.

&gt;newton's discoveries will last forever

Ah, this is specifically anthropologically ignorant. Knowledge is carried as far as the people who haul it. Newton thankfully was similar to the spiritual teachers he studied, and regarded himself as another person in a very long tradition of understanding the nature of reality and pointing out to everybody who has not understood it. He was extremely religious and perceived himself as doing work for God and letting its creations understand itself better, he would also not be saying something very ignorant and foolish like his mathematical work is equivalent in impactfulness to the teachings of the most esteemed spiritual figures of All-Time. That would only be said by people who don't understand the context of why he did his work, or even Isaac Newtons mental framework.

TL;DR:

**Do basic research in the things you're criticising.**
