You don't get it. I will try once. If it doesn't work out then let's agree to disagree.

&gt; Women want people from premium institute and themselves are from non-elite places and then complain about them. He was right at smirking

This user if you see her history only used to meet NRI and IITians and then rant here. I said if she only looks at status of a guy before meeting up for marriage she is more bound to get such treatment because NRI and IITians are high in demand in AM market.
Yes I said the above things and believe that the guy was right at smirking. Your only criteria for this guy was IIT tag. You get IIT tag. Now be happy with it. Also They are not married yet. They are looking around. She will choose the best suitor who has best combination of NRI and IIT. She may choose IITian who is NRI. And she gets what she gets. Nothing to rant. Again , these people are not married yet. 

&gt; Why do you want equal treatment from a higher-earning wife then?

Yes because she is wife. I am not looking at a prospect to marry like in above case. I am married. I don't expect equal treatment from high earning woman when I go to meet them(I don't filter solely based on some woman's income or IIT or NRI status) or when a rishta comes. They can be all asshole they want. And I wouldn't marry them.

I am not sure you get the difference or not. But there's huge difference. Don't marry someone you can't treat equally. If you are married then don't be an asshole. There are plenty of fish in the sea. If you don't respect someone or look down upon someone for their money or college name why waste your own time, effort and money to marry them?

But once you are married it's not him or her. It's them. So act like a team. 

&gt;Sahi hypocrisy hai.

I don't think you understand hypocrisy. Hypocrisy would happen when I am planning to marry a woman who earns significantly less than me and then planning to treat her disrespectfully and then expect that if in some alternate world some other high earning woman marries me she should treat me respectfully. Yaar thoda logical baate kiya karo. 

You are very ignorant and naive and have little to no comprehension skills.
