Like most luxury goods there is a range in what people are looking for, what they consider reasonable and worthy, etc when making a purchase. Some enthusiasts are more focused on aesthetics and brand recognition out of a desire to signal membership to a particular lifestyle. Others are more focused on the customer service and hospitality of a brand. And others are dedicated purely to the olfactory experience. Of course most are looking for the optimal combination of all 3 where luxury is concerned.  
Even within the subsection of olfactory experience, for example, there are quite a few considerations.   
Are there candles with enormous throw and longevity, that are more affordable? Absolutely. But just like in perfumery loud and brash doesn’t always equate with quality. And so there are individuals that don’t mind paying for perfumes with less sillage and longevity, in exchange for quality and artistic experience, and the same can be said for candle consumers. But on the other hand, it is our right as consumers to question the quality of the companies we give our money to and assure that we are getting our money’s worth from their products.  
Trudon is my favorite luxury brand. I never considered that I would ever spend this amount of money on a candle and to be honest I’m still amused by it on some days. But no other brand has come close (in my opinion) to being able to craft such unique olfactory experiences. I tried in the earlier days to find dupes of candles like solis rex or carmelite, which were some of my favorites, in an effort cut costs and expand my awareness of other brands. Although their aesthetics are well crafted, I was not beholden to the idea of brand recognition and their customer service didn’t seem particularly stellar especially in comparison to service pros like Diptyque. Even when I was ‘disappointed’ by a candle, I always grew to appreciate it just for the sheer craftsmanship. And that is a rare quality in a candle. Candles that I dislike, I can sell off or give away. But with Trudon, I don’t mind keeping the odd candle that I’m not absolutely fond of out of appreciation for the artistry. So if one day a candle company comes along, offering the same quality of trudon at cheaper prices, I will most definitely give them my patronage. But until then, they can retain their my portion of their market share.  
I recently tried my hand at Diptyqe, for example, as I was always impressed by stories of their fantastic customer service, complete with favorite sales assistants and generous samples. I was quite disappointed in their offerings however. And while I can appreciate the brand as a whole when it comes to their branding, marketing, service, etc. I accepted that it was not for me.   
Mind you there are many affordable candles that can provide you with exactly what you might be looking for, and not everyone is going to be as particular about their scents, nor require the same standards. In fact, I sometimes wish I could return to the days of blissful olfactory ignorance and enjoy some cheaper scents in peace! Alas what has been smelled cannot be unsmelled in any case, though there are many other areas in life of which I remain blissfully unaware and uncultured (my wallet rejoices!). But there are also cheaper candles that I enjoy, and some I still hang on to by their dying dregs for some reason or other (not being able to find the company for example).   
So I don’t know what you should be looking for in a candle, only you can know that. Don’t look for me or others on this board to tell you how to feel or think about a particular candle or brand.  The beauty of a board is that us enthusiasts can come together to discuss our hobbies and passions knowing we are in the company of those similarly inclined and knowledgeable. And for beginners it can be a guidebook and source of information. But it can also be detrimental for those still forming an opinion, as they can feel discouraged or inadequate for not seeing the value in a particular brand. With this in mind, I encourage you to continue your journey! Take your time, mind your finances, and use the resources provided here as a guide but never the final arbiter of your personal taste.
