Yeah not sure why you're getting downvoted. I think you're genuinely relating to the character, not going all edge-lord like some people do. Sorry about that.

&gt; The fear of really being committed when you know it could all go away , and you know you'll just replace the same people with a copy of the same people, like sheets of paper , even though its not really the same white paper.

Yeah I mean, that's the essence of the show. Other Ricks are fine with losing Mortys and buying more of them. The protagonist Rick is different because he cares. Evil Rick mocks him for it when he's showing Rick the images of Morty's childhood

&gt; Evil Rick: You’ve lived quite a life, Rick. It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through.

&gt; (The memories change theme to feature Morty in each one. Rick tears up)

&gt; Evil Rick: You’re crying? Over a Morty?

&gt; Rick: No, I’m just allergic to dipshits.

&gt; Evil Rick: Ugh, pathetic. We both know that if there’s any truth in the universe, it’s that Ricks don’t care about Mortys.

Rick cares about his Morty. He makes actual sacrifices in order to protect him. And that probably drives him crazy because his connection to that specific Morty is irrational when put in context of infinite universes. Making sacrifices for those ones is irrational, and he is ruthlessly rational in every other part of his life.

But his enduring connection to the protagonist Morty actually makes Rick a better person over the course of the show and is even referenced as a way protagonist Rick is superior to other Ricks. And therefore, even if that connection is technically irrational, there is a benefit to it. And I think that is a message of the show. Human relationships are messy, irrational, and ultimately insignificant. But they still matter to us, and that's a good enough reason to care.

Like, a lot of people incorrectly think the show is saying "everything is bullshit when compared to the size and age of the universe. No one cares, no one will remember you. Accepting this makes you smarter than all of the other people who think their issues matter".

But that's the exact opposite of what the show is saying. 

&gt; Personally I find happiness comes from having the right balance of ignorance and knowledge but progress comes from only knowledge with no room for ignorance.

I don't think that's true, or maybe I'm misunderstanding you.

I think people can be happy and ignorant, and see the world as only about them. But that leads to a lot of suffering because that's not the way to world works, and therefore you'd always have this dissonance between your perception and reality.

But being nihilistic is also not the answer. It doesn't make you smart to realize that nothing actually means anything. It just ends up hurting you because it can be used as an excuse to retreat from society and give up on trying to be happy.

What I think the show is saying is that the best balance is one in which you know nothing means anything, but you choose to put importance on your life and relationships anyway.

And I feel this as well. I used to (and still do) struggle with depression and it was easy to think "I don't actually have to do any of this. I can just die and not worry about it anymore". Most people are so obsessed with staying alive that they have to find a way to be happy, but if you don't care about life you can just not play the game.

However, once you realize that nothing matters but you can still enjoy stuff, it's actually a lot easier to deal with life. If nihilism means your happiness doesn't matter, it also means your suffering doesn't matter. Sure you could stress about everything and agonize over every imperfection, or you could just say "meh, whatever. Later on it won't matter". And in the meantime, you can find happiness in parts of your life and you don't need cosmic significance to feel fulfilled.

I think that is the route Rick is on. He is detached from thinks that should stress him, which allows him to never worry. But he's empty. However, he is learning that he can choose to be fulfilled by relationships with Morty, Beth, and Summer, even if he knows that they can all be replaced.
