It makes sense if you’re from Finland. I mean there, the most influential ideologies were fighting to take over. During this war, it was registered as an historical fact that the regular people (the masses) chose between the clashing ideologies and won by almost a democratic process. The union of the masses for a greater cause. They fought against communism, since they were more convinced by the narrative coming from the capitalist elite. Driven by the ideology of capitalist elites, the Finish people felt a pseudo freedom of thought and choice. The elites managed to convey a good enough narrative for the Finish to die for. Your political choices and beliefs are a joke. A sad one, since you’re compliant in Pavlovian ways to an elites ideology and are quite submissive. Non responding, never tacking action, just eating, reproducing and dying. Sometimes protesting (peacefully) for a couple of reforms. 
But the fight was really between the elites, the elites that believed in communism and the elites that believed in capitalism. Not you, the masses, that don’t have any thoughts of their own. But feel such a part of something greater. This feeling, being part of something, is your greatest delusion. 
The elites that believed in capitalism won, but used and disposed of their masses to win the bloody part of it. The one that implied human lives. Only in that part you had a participation, where you die. A necrophilic one, In which your blood and not that one of elites was spilled as part of the necessary fucking slaughterhouse to impose a new world order. But nonetheless you are proud and feel like you’ve won some battle. You feel free and entitled. As if you, the masses, determined some history. Lol, well yes. You died for it. But you, the masses, didn’t have a say in the systems design. It’s funny that you think you did. You chose, between two options. None of them you designed, you just picked one and hated the other. That was enough to convince you to die and kill for it. 
Whats funnier is that socialist ideas made Finland a fine place to live and not the capitalist ones. In that way, Finland is better than America. People in Finland have access to healthcare, education and all that they need to live a good life. But Americans don’t. Unless they own the world. 
What Finish people ignore is their exploitation of the global south. Here in Latin America we know very well how our tropical resources are sustaining the “good life” of the European and American people. Here, we know how you exploit our people for your good life. Which in most cases is unsustainable. And here you don’t die nor kill anyone to change that. Because it’s not the elites brainwashing you. 
You, the European masses, are just unaware, and a bit racist. 
Your continent is quite boring in terms of natural diversity and culture. But you expect general knowledge (culture) and other masses to know your countries, their history and geography. Seriously expecting people to know the capital of the Netherlands. Like it means something. It’s fucking useless. Irrelevant knowledge for the rest of the world that should focus on knowledge about exploitation. At the same time, you know shit about African cities, culture and even Latin America. Latin America has much broader and interesting history than the sociopathic one of Europe. Nonetheless, you don’t know shit about it. And don’t consider it as general knowledge. You would consider a person dumb if they don’t know about some shitty and unimportant place in Europe but have zero information about Chilenian revolution.
You have no idea about colonialism. Dude, your life is sustained by the exploitation of the global south. Your good life.
Masses are stupid, egotistic, no one fears them. They are compliant and indifferent. Simple and boring. Ignorant and quite racist. 
The future is dystopian for you and the other masses. And there is no way out.
