I don’t know what to say. I’ve been in this spot, having said something  inappropriate, because a student pushed me to the limit. The few times it has happened to me, I ended up berating them and within seconds, knew I had screwed up. Don’t get me wrong. The student was being an asshole, whatever he was doing. But he’s raised by assholes who have literally never shown him how to act appropriately or get attention in healthy ways. 
I waited til the end of the period &amp; told him, in front of the whole class who’d witnessed me berate him earlier, that I handled that situation all wrong. I said I had lost my cool, and that while I was sick and tired of being interrupted, no one deserves to be annihilated publicly. I’m pretty sure I had asked “what’s wrong with you?” &amp; called him an “absolute idiot.” I might have even called him a “crackhead,” which used to be my favorite insult for a student being an idiot intentionally. I circled back to my specific comments and said I wanted to clarify that while Johnny’s behaviors may have been ignorant and inconsiderate, he’s not an idiot. He’s a kid with plenty of potential…as long as he doesn’t interrupt me anymore. I never had to give him a second warning…I just said his name and looked at him and he knew…
“This guy is not just busting my balls. He cares about me.”

He came back to me over a year later, when I wasn’t even his teacher anymore, and told me that I was the first adult who really apologized to him…definitely publicly. I have never forgotten that. If you (the student) are treated like shit, and then no one ever recognizes or apologizes for that, then yeah…it sucks that they’ve landed on our (teacher) doorstep this way…but we either perpetuate their cycles, or try to break them. There’s not a lot of in between that I can see. If I didn’t feel like I could perceive this and break them (sometimes), there’s no way I’d do this job. Kids are too mean and parents suck too bad. A kid told my coworker who’d lost a baby to sids, just a few months later, that she “was glad” the teacher lost her baby because she’s a bitch anyway. Again, you are either going to perpetuate that shit, or find a way, painfully, and with consequences for them that are appropriate, to help them see that these behaviors they exhibit will leave them broke, alone, and penniless as adults. 

I always RUN from drug and sex references, pretending to know and understand nothing of what they discuss. It is the only way. They can not see you indulge in violence, drug use, or sex. Even though we have our own lives and probably need a little of all of the above to stay sane, the students just can’t see you that way. Of course we can’t control how they choose to see us…I guess I mean that we can’t give them a reason. 

These kids these days are bad as fuck. There’s no two ways about it. I have a girl in my fourth period who has told me at least once a week, for the past 4 months, that we were “gonna fight at some point.” 
Instead of saying something like “oh let me tell you, I’m not the one!” Or “that’d be the last mistake you make ma’am!” Like I want to, I try my fucking best to model for her what she does not have in her life: a sane and responsible adult response. I say “Now Kionna you and I both know that you wouldn’t swing on a teacher.” 
She proceeds to tell the class that she most definitely would, and snatched one’s wig off her head before etc. From there I say “Eh, maybe Kionna. That doesn’t sound like you. Regardless of how it sounds though…you know I care about you. Not to be weird, but you know that. Anything you see as me quote “coming for you” is really just me trying to help you pass. Nothing personal Kionna. You know that. We ain’t gonna fight.”

After typing all of this, I realize that it seems bad. It seems like I’m tooting my own horn or something, but I promise you I am not. To me, this is what appropriate responses look like. I made tons of mistakes along the last decade of teaching, before getting to this place of (maybe) thinking I see the point to all this craziness. You HAVE to be able to do this for them. First of all, it covers your ass. Secondly, when the parent or admin wants to meet, you HAVE to be able to convey that whatever happened, was a result of you not trying to win, or get the best of them, but make them better. I tell my worst period of the day often that I want something way better than working at McDonald’s for each and every one of them. The few times some kid said that was rude or disrespectful, I said that I truly care about their earning power when they graduate. I followed up with the very real truth that if they can’t learn and maintain soft skills, they won’t be able to reach above McDonald’s for the $15 hr jobs at CVS and Target, much less the $20 hr and up jobs at Amazon down the road. 

If it’s about proving a point, or showing them they’re idiots, you will never win. 
If it’s about making them better people, you still may not win, but your ass will be covered enough to where your career can continue. At the very least, you can personally win, but continuing to do what you hopefully love and see some fulfillment in doing. 

Now. A gesture of violence is tough to come back from. But it can be done. It’s pretty impossible to come back from making sexual references though. I think the school system dealing with first year teacher behaviors such as these will only take one of two paths. They will either see you as teachable, and move forward with you. Or they will see you as a liability, and choose not to move forward with you because the risks are just too high. 

I think that you should not try to work in this school system ever again, but if you seek therapy and find some clarity on it all…and still have a desire to make a difference in this crazy world of teaching…then yeah I think you can get back into it…with a totally different mindset, mantra, classroom management, all of the above. I don’t think that this first year of bad experiences has to mean that you wasted all your time and money and you can never recover and be successful in this field again. Take some time. Find YOUR place in where things got fucked up, and learn from it. Most of all, forgive yourself and move on. Tons of teachers have fucked up worse. You did not provide what these kids needed this year. But you also didn’t screw them up anymore. Anyway, take the time and own your shit. If at the end of that, you still want to be in this field, I think you can make it. The shortage is real, and not all principals will see this as the end of the world. Good luck.
