&gt;Wrong on both parts. Not only is Yenn supposed to be a confident woman, Chalotra seems like a good student from high school who would let you copy her homework. Confidence and emotional maturity are the last things when I think of Chalotra. 

Creepy, i guess you haven't watched the show then. 

&gt;The race stuff - if you create a world that's based of medieval Europe then why put minorities there? Would you believe in a world where samurai are played by white or black people? Give me any other reason besides a political one.

Okay, my mistake, not creepy, just ignorant and highly racist.

- go outside and touch some grass. Your opinions on women are disconcerting and disturbing, and very likely simply just incel traits showing because you're terrified of being attracted to a girl with darker skin.

&gt; if you create a world that's based of medieval Europe then why put minorities there?

Jesse, what the fuck are you on about.

Yes i'm sure its only political why minorities would be in the ethnically, racially pure Medieval Fucking Europe. You know, turns out there were not massive ethnic, cultural, racial tensions because of bigotry and hatred. None at all.

Christianity? Doesn't exist. Islam? What's that. Pogroms? Whats a fucking pogrom.

This argument has been discredited by historians humilated by the fact they had to waste their time proving Europe has indeed had minorities from the start of fucking time.

And by anyone with a brain knowing that, indeed, someone with darker skin can live in Europe even in Medieval times, and would indeed face massive discrimination for it.

&gt;Yes, but it's about humans and non-humans (which has a long history), and not whites and blacks.

- Ah, yes. The long and famous history of humans murdering nonhumans.

Yeah i'm sure this is apolitical and the writer of the books hasn't elaborated multiple times on its real world parallels, especially being Polish, a country famously without flaws or minorities or tensions right this moment on the Belarusian border.

You know, i take it back. You haven't engaged with any material regarding the Witcher at all. You're the kind of gaping moron who thinks Warhammer 40k is a declaration of the virtues of fascism because its killing those "apolitical pointy ears".

Just... stop commenting on porn subreddits, and touch some grass. Better yet given your advanced opinions on the show and Anya Chalotra, go and meet some people, especially women. Jeez.
