Your condescending attitude is what drives most people who, in general, tend to be smarter, wiser, and more knowledgeable than the average "useless piece of paper holder" to view your kind as entirely useless. People with degrees have had to aggressively defenestrate reality in order to conform to a Marxist professor's re-writing of reality. Obtaining that "useless piece of paper" comes with the expectation that the person holding that piece of paper has actively rejected reality in order to conform to a Marxist's point of view. The simple fact that you don't know this, and seemingly have no clue what you're talking about in general, is proof enough of what I'm saying. And everyone with a functioning brain will instantly recognize that.

 I've worked in advanced fields like chemistry, where the people were very smart regarding that very specific field of study while being absolute blithering idiots outside of it, while "feeling" that they were "smarter" and "better" than all the plebeians who didn't obtain such a degree. 

Your "qualified experts" tend to be blatantly obvious liars and shills. Your "readily accepted misinformation" actually tends to be more accurate and honest than the bullshit you've been coerced into believing in order to obtain your "useless piece of paper". 

People are absolutely capable of doing their own research and reaching conclusions that are far more informed and accurate than what you've been told to "believe".

The simple fact that people like you are told to "trust the science", an act where you disregard reality in order to conform to a belief system reminiscent of the organized religion that you've been taught to hate, while not at all understanding that science is a flawed thing and one should never "believe" whatever they're told because information is constantly changing and being updated, is proof enough against what you're feebly trying to argue for.

What a fucking joke of a person you are. I'm sorry that you so thoroughly suck at life, which causes you to be the constant brunt of jokes leveled at you, which you take very personally to the point where you go on the internet to try and gain "points" for your ignorant and pathetic way of thinking. Upvotes to a person like you are the absolute most important thing. Whereas someone like me who speaks the truth will get downvoted to oblivion. You feel that the updoots "prove" a point which you are not capable of making, to an argument which you are not skilled or knowledgeable enough to eloquate.

You suck at life and are a complete joke of a person. Go fuck yourself, kid. Keep sucking your master's dick. Free thinking, capable of observing and judging people will continue to make the world a better place. While losers such as yourself, who think the world of themselves and very little of those who haven't drank the Kool-aid will continue to make the world a very shitty place for everyone else. Get fucked, loser
