&amp;#x200B;

&gt;There are numerous renowned anthropologists and historians who have said the same thing about Christianity and science.

Solipsism is quite an issue in the "sciences" you mention. Also irrelevant.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;But where are you getting your information from, outside of Reddit, Rick and Morty, and two-minute Neil deGrasse Tyson videos? You're just making stuff up or repeating stuff that has been made up.

Unlike you, I have no need to make shit up when I can't counter an argument.

You haven't actually answered or refuted any of my questions yet.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Modern-day science, as we understand it now, did not come from the people and civilizations that you've listed. 

You are very, very wrong.  


&gt;Nobody with an IQ above 90 would equate what the Greeks did to what we now call science. And science certainly didn't come out of atheism. 

EXCUSE ME?

Archimedes, Socrates and Plato didn't lay the foundation of western intellectualism? Algebra wasn't invented by an islamic scholar? Astronomy wasn't first used in Mesopotamia? 

Those same ancient Greeks were in fact put on that particular pedestal by Christians in the late medieval period.

Mathemathics is the foundation of science, architecture requires mathematics. Every single civilization up until today has shaped and formed the scientific method, regardless of their religion (mostly despite of it, especially in Christian Europe).   
You have quite a learning curve, little one.  


&gt;I stand by what Loren Eiseley thought. Science came out of a Christian milieu.

That's your belief and it's horribly ignorant and solipsistic. It's also factually wrong.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;How does,  
&gt;  
&gt;"Yet, he thought all of matter and energy came from a single intelligent and powerful mind. Why? Because he saw the signposts in the physical world that pointed to it. You're the dummy who can't see the signposts. You're like an autistic person who can't read facial expressions."  
&gt;  
&gt;Not make any sense to you, on any level? Are you illiterate? Dyslexic? Do you some other learning disability?

It makes no sense philosophically, scientifically or as literature. It's an anecdote without any real meaning or value outside of religion. It has nothing to do with science.
