Oh so you need a state cause you're old? Fuck off, it's not like right now people are going to war against old people's home, that shit doesn't happen cause people out there mostly respect private property, they wouldn't want the same done to them so you just don't do it. 

&gt;Without a judge to decide what sentence to give to those who violated your right? Without a police force to intervene should someone try to take your right from you? You would be a corpse, not a landowner.

You need a fucking judge to tell you taking private property is wrong? You're talking about this and you're against private property, so you're not making sense. A police force doing what? The same thing i would do? Defend my property? I don't need the police when you can defend yourself or even have private protection, there's no need for police. Already explained that in my other post, but you keep thinking that if you "lost" the war that that somehow destroys my point when it doesn't.

&gt;I never said we need to go back to hunting and gathering, there are some benefits from civilized society (where a state is present to defend the rights of its citizen from those who wish them harm) but to say that you are born with rights it's to simply be ignorant and unaware of reality. Rights only exists where there is someone or something capable of enforcing them, they do not exists on their own.
  


There's no need for a state to babysit your ass. You need it? Go for it, do not force it on others. Lmao see, here is where you are wrong, you ARE born with unalienable rights, that's the whole meaning of unalienable, "not subject to being taken away from or given away by the possessor." YOU CANNOT GIVE IT AWAY. Rights exists when we are born, wether we enforce them or not doesn't mean you are not born with them. 

&gt;Also, your argoument about the people somehow knowing and agreeing on wich rights are valid and wich ones are not instead of just making them up as they go is plain bullshit. Have you ever talked with another human being? You really think nobody would just come up with some fake claim to some fake right if it could benefit them? This is how loan sharks came up with interests rate.
  


You mean like the goverment does? Creating fake rights? A thing you support? Cause you did tell me the goverment is the one that gives rights when that's literally false. And yes, if people were to actually actively respect private property rights since that's the base of what rights were made of that shit wouldn't happen. And again you can't make up rights you are born with them, so you just dismiss the other bullshit as the bullshit it is. Yes i did, that has nothing to do with out discussion here and you not knowing what a right is.
