Born in the last week of 96, my memories begin around 2001. Earlier in my life my biological dad left my family and my mom was a single mom to me for a few years. I have no memory of this time or my biological dad.

2001- B. My mom was engaged to the man who would legally adopt me. to this day I have mixed feelings about that, I’m half black and I had to convert to judaism when he adopted me, and I never fit into that religion very well. However I remember enjoying their wedding (first party I can remember, formed strong core memories here) and I was the flower girl.

2002- A+. All I ever wanted was a sibling, and my little sister was born this year. I was so excited to have a new best friend, and had SO much fun with her as a baby (I was 5). She was born the second week of January so the entire year was marked by her coming into the world.

2003- A. Still super happy about having a sibling, and we went to Disneyland for the first time. Disneyland is still one of my favorite places to visit. 

2004- B. My second sister was born, and for some reason I was less thrilled about this. I wanted a brother pretty badly, and I knew with two sisters the three of us would always be “the girls”, and I had began realizing that I didn’t exactly feel like a girl. Still had a fun time being a child and I really loved computer games and video games at the time. Played a LOT of pajama sam and game boy.

2005- C. Started being bullied in school around this time. I became very aware of the things that made me different. My sisters were white and so were my parents, I was obviously half black. This wasn’t as common then as it is now, and people asked me everyday why I was different. I also began having a bad relationship with my adopted dad, and was beginning to struggling intensely with my perceived gender. I’m sure I had some good memories, but this period of my life was really hard. 

2006- C. Pretty similar to the above, but my family forced me to join dance team and I hated it SO much.

2007- D. Started puberty this year, and was MORTIFIED. I was in extreme denial that I was beginning to develop those parts. My mom would frequently yell at me in public stores that I was “becoming a woman” and would force me to try on bras. Yeah I hated this time of my life a lot. The only redeeming thing was the music, I had recently gotten an ipod and I spent so much time listening to music. I’m really nostalgic for music from this period because it helped me get through a lot.

2008- C. More terrible puberty stuff, iykyk. Started middle school. My parents put me in a private middle school for kids who were more artistic (and bullied in public schools) so that helped a lot. Was able to make my first LGBT friends, though nobody came out until many years later. But was deeply uncomfortable with my body and started SH around this age. My mom also had a really terrible alcohol problem which would persist until she went to rehab in 2012.

2009- B+. Was forced to have a Bat Mitzvah, which was pretty ridiculous. I had no choice despite not being born Jewish, and was forced into an ugly dress. The photos are so bad lol. But the music was awesome and Glee had recently started, which I was obsessed with. It had so much queer representation and made me feel more hopeful for my future.


2010- A-. Felt like I really had some solid friends, went on the 8th grade trip to disneyland, made my first film (a documentary about my sisters 1st grade class, really wish I still had it.) My love of film and interest in the entertainment industry began here. Had a lot of energy and was genuinely happy, despite still hating my body.

2011- C. Left the private middle school for a public high school due to financial reasons (couldn’t afford the private high school attached to it), and was brought back down to my low status I had in elementary school. Was making youtube videos at the time, but stopped before 2012 because of bullying. My parents forced me to join speech and debate and I hated it. My moms drinking was really bad. My sisters were young and unaware and to this day I struggle to relate to them because they weren’t old enough to really remember how bad my moms drinking was. 

2012- F. My mom nearly died from alcohol and then went to rehab. I became extremely depressed and fought constantly with both of my parents, and SH a lot. My only refuge was gay tumblr, but I still had imposter syndrome and thought I couldn’t be gay or trans. Turned 16 at the end of the year and was “surprised” with the ugliest car in the world.

2013- D. Still not in a good mental place. Didn’t have any solid friends. Realized I needed to throw myself into school so that I could get a scholarship to go out of state. Everyone told me I couldn’t do it, so I proved them wrong.

2014- B+. Started applying to colleges and was SO prepared. I got a 33 on my ACT and had above a 4.0. Got into every college I applied to, decided to go to the University of Wisconsin on a full tuition scholarship. Was SO FUCKING HAPPY to leave my hometown (on the other side of the country) and finally be my own person. 

2015- A. Left for Madison in August and cried tears of joy. My hometown and family wouldn’t be around to make me feel bad anymore. I made friends so quickly in college with so many different people, and I joined a sorority just for shits (even though I hardly identified or looked like a girl at the time, I was able to find an actually decent sorority with nice ish people). 

2016- A (first half) F (second half). It was great for a while, and the music was the best. But I was sexually assaulted in the summer. My sorority wasn’t there for me. I retreated into my shell. I had to move into the sorority house after summer and it was a much different experience, I only had one friend and I knew I had to drop out otherwise I would lose the rest of my college experience.

2017- B. Left the sorority, had to figure out how I would define myself without it. Still didn’t know who I was, I had repressed my sexuality and gender a lot. I was perceived as a bro-y straight girl who could hang with the boys. In November I cut my hair pretty short, not a true boy haircut but close, and prepared to go abroad.

2018- A++ (one of the best years of my life easily). On January 3rd I left America to study abroad in London. This is the single handed best thing I ever could have done for myself. When I got to London I said fuck it, I’m going to kiss girls here (lol). I didn’t know anybody so it was easy to be myself. I was able to actually experience dating people who weren’t men. It felt so much more correct. I had an amazing internship abroad and I traveled to 20 countries and felt so happy and free. When I came back to America I pretty much instantly went to LA for a summer internship. I was able to meet more girls on Tinder and felt more confident in letting people know I wasn’t attracted to men. When I went back to wisconsin in the fall I started dating girls and felt so powerful lmao. I was super confident and loved the person I was becoming. A+ year for sure.

2019- A+. Met my partner and instantly fell in love no lie. Still together to this day. They ID’d as nonbinary and I thought that was amazing, and very relatable. I was able to talk about my own gender stuff with them and felt so seen and understood. They’re also mixed race and adopted like me so we understand each other on a really deep level. I graduated this yeare and they were going into their junior year, so I moved to chicago for a 2 year advertising grad school program so that we would be close enough to stay together. 

2020- A. Despite what happened with Covid, this year was honestly great for me. My school went 100% remote, so I broke my chicago lease and moved back to Madison to be with my partner. All of my college friends were a year or two younger than me (after leaving the sorority I became better friends with the kids in my orgs) so it was great being able to be back on campus with them again. Became closer to my partner, adopted a kitten and moved to Portland at the end of the year with them. 

2021- A. 2021 was this year and it was pretty great. I was hired at a really solid company in a field related to my interests and abilities where I can make great money (I’m an art director for a big advertising agency). I moved to Long Beach and love it here, I can skateboard every day. I got top surgery last month, which has improved my life in every single way and I’ll never stop being thankful to have been in a place financially and mentally to be able to give myself that gift. My partner is beginning a tattoo apprenticeship and I got like 10 more tattoos this year (hoping for way more next year). My relationship with the family I grew up with isn’t the best but I honestly don’t care at this point. They did a lot of harm raising me with no contact to my Black relatives or any Black positive influences, and I had to unlearn a lot of their bullshit and shame they put on me. But I have my own family with my partner and our cat and I have close friends nearby who moved here after college. 

I turned 25 on the 25th of December and I am honestly really happy to be past my earlier years. People fear this age because it kinda marks you as no longer a super young adult, but I feel like my life is just beginning. I’m making the most money I ever have, I can afford to do fun things, I still look super young, I’m in great shape, and I’m not planning on ever having children so I’m purely making money for my partner and I to travel the world and have a great life. I think 2022 is going to be the best year yet!
