&gt; I'm not trying to prove disparity of outcome. I'm trying to point out the possibility. Don't need evidence for that. You don't need evidence in order to consider a possibility. That makes no sense.

In order to consider a possibility, it must be plausible or have some reasoning or evidence behind it, otherwise its not worth discussing.

&gt; WEll except for the fact you just said their ideas are not equally valid and avoided saying you'd go to the mens rights protest.

I didnt say that I would go to either of the protests, and yes I said that their ideas are not equally valid, some ideas from both sides have more merit than others. 

&gt; Either you state right now that you believe men as a group are more discriminated than black people as group which means white men have it harder than black women or you are a hypocrite.

Black people as a group contains black men, and black men are the most marginalized group in the US, so black people are the most marginalized group when considering black men as a part of that group. Again, I would also agree that there are certain aspects in society in which men face greater discrimination than black women on average, I literally never disagreed with this so IDK why you keep bringing it up as if I've disagreed.

&gt; You can't go all "poor black people" and then not go "ah poor men". I just gave you an opportunity to at least proof that you are not a hypocrite but you have only proven that you are.

Lmao except I haven't, I have objectively been more consistent than you throughout this entire conversation. Except unlike you, I base my positions and opinions on good reasoning and evidence, so my positions are actually nuanced and represent the complex situations that exist in these kinds of conversations. Sorry, I can't help you if you're ignorant and uninformed.

&gt; The only way I respect the position of systemic racism is when the same person says that systemic sexism against men is a bigger problem than systemic racism.

Systemic sexism is a bigger problem because systemic racism and systemic sexism are intertwined. White men on average are more likely to be discriminated against than black women, but black men are the most marginalized group, so it is a combined issue.

&gt; Clearly the media and BLM don't think so.

And the conservative media and conservatives don't think that systemic racism exists at all, so....
