I got a $50 ticket (permit parking violation - I had no permit, or guest pass, or any idea that cities did that. Dumb naive suburban kid) when I first looked at a Somerville apartment way back in the summer of 2019. I was able to successfully get that ticket waived, but only because I was going to get a parking permit and I talked to one of the people there that does the ticket appeals. She was nice and understanding and said if I was getting a permit today she would waive my ticket. She was very clear this was a 1 time only thing and that it was a valid ticket. I just explained I was unaware and new to the City. I've found this to be the case with other cities too - you can ask nicely and get tickets waived the first time. Sometimes pleading ignorance helps. People are understanding that the first time you might fuck up and not read the signs posted on the street.

Unfortunately I think you're SOL with how many tickets you've racked up. You might try asking them nicely about it, maybe they'd waive one or two tickets to bring the cost down. You could also ask if it's possible to get a permit while still paying off the tickets. Maybe they have a payment plan or something you can work out. I'm not quite certain - this is definitely a question to ask the parking department about. All we can do is guess.

My best guess - you get one or two tickets waived. They probably let you buy a permit if you've successfully garaged your car here. That way you avoid getting new tickets. You'll probably have to pay some amount of those tickets back though. I doubt they're nice enough to waive $300 in tickets. Especially if you were "too lazy". Try wording that differently too as a pro tip - you weren't *lazy*, you were *busy*. Don't be a dick about that either, just leave it at "busy". You did just move here, so that's somewhat understandable. Overall just be nice and ask what they can do to help you get things squared away. If you're polite, and willing to work with them you should be able to figure something out.
