Again, do you have any sources on that or "just no". This is why this topic requires way more education.

Definition of public property in a usa legal sense:

Property owned by the government (or its agency), rather then by a private individual. Examples include: parks, streets, sidewalks, libraries. 

A publicly funded clinic is public property since they are normally owned by the state in usa. If they have a open lobby accessible to public, I am allowed to photograph inside. I have free access to any pamphlets or literature available. It's open to the public. Medical staff are hipaa trained and should not have exposed medical records or turn off computer screens when they aren't near them. I am not hippa trained therefore cannot violate hipaa. If they blatantly have medical records in the open, it's completely on them. If I make it a point to seek out these records, it's on me. (Neferious activity)

Again, if I'm suspected, with sufficient ras, of nefarious activity, they can ask me to leave. Nefarious activity would be trying to forcefully get people's medical information since that is illegal. But I can stand on the lobby of a clinic and film the general area. No issues. Simply filming is not considered nefarious activity.

Maybe some clinics are appointment only. I wouldn't not be allowed to just walk into an appointment only clinic and film because the door would be locked, there would be signage saying appointment only and the whole establishment would be considered restricted access. If the door is open and it's a public lobby, I definitely can record there.

Again, please cite the law that explicitly prohibits me from photographing in a public lobby of a publicly funded hospital or clinic.

The reason a school is different is because they aren't open to the public. A school is open to it's enrolled students and staff only. 
20 U.S.C. 1232g(a)(4)(A); 34 CFR ยง 99.3 

So if there is a specific law pertaining to children in school there should be a specific law pertaining to medical clinics. But there isn't.

Man, all this is proven on youtube if you just search first amendment auditor you will see people doing this type of thing everyday and never being charged with anything. I will warn you, a lot of these guys are assholes and ignorant and complete dicks but there are a few decent respectable ones. That's not the point though. The point is they never get charged. In fact, most of the time when police are called, the police will end up educating the establishment that the photographer is allowed to be there a leave. If what you say was true, all these guys would be in jail or at a minimum, banned off youtube since youtube has a policy of not hosting videos of illegal activity.
