&gt;are you saying an african is not different from native american, or a russian not different from a mexican

The fact that you think you can tell anything about anyone because they were born in a specific place means you're racist. It's literally the definition of racism.

&gt;What matters about stopping racial hatred is that we respect eachothers types IN SPITE OF our differences, not pretending that they don't exist

Race is a social construct and there are social differences but those differences aren't defined by imaginary lines drawn on a map you fucking idiot. They can be defined by numerous other things, but those are still only generalizations and don't apply to every person living within a country's boundary. 

&gt;And you go ooh borders are imaginary lines on a map, no it's agreement between those groups, it's to separate territory of a sovereign human type

No, it's generally not an agreement as proven by China and Taiwan and it has more to do with one group of people conquering and killing another group of people and not "sovereignty".  

&gt; Gaslighting and saying you don't recognize any types

strawman argument

&gt;This is not about me being a conservative, i'm not a conservative at all. 

With these rants of yours, your much more conservative than I initially made you out to be. Sorry, but that's literally how conservatism is scientific defined, your resistance to outgroups and resistance to change. 

&gt;I'm just not an idiot about it.

You literally are. 

&gt;Has nothing to do with left or right leaning or anything, it's apolitical. 

Cool, you're still a conservative. 

&gt;So what did i just illustrate, being invaded and occupied by the US ARMY for 20 years is less bad than having mass immigration invading your country for 20 years. 

I like how you think you empirically proved something when it's nothing more than your ignorant and subjective "opinion."

&gt;People die in war but the people remain same it's not like you end up with 30% of the invading force left in your country taking over your government trying to let more of them in :D

Spoken like a true ignoramus. Maybe go look up what Genghis Khan did or Alexander the Great or the British Empire which nearly completely wiped out indigenous people in the Americas and literally left their invading force behind while installing their own government. 

You are so stupid.
