You just regurgitated a ton of typical talking points that show your not understanding what I’m saying at all.  Which is fine I thought the same when I was in college and a Bernie bro then I entered the real world. 


The average rich person isn’t bezos or trump. They are ppl who created start ups and added value and innovation to the marketplace. Or worked their asses off to become doctors or work in stem fields or busted their ass to start small businesses. Not everything is exploitation. The average entrepreneur isn’t a billionaire stealings ppls ideas. 

How do you think we had technological advances then? How do you think we had the green revolution that allowed us to support our global population with a limited food supply?

Pointing out anecdotal evidence of a few ppl taken advantage of or Some tyrant billionaires shows you are a bit naive and ignorant of the truth. Not saying asshole rich ppl don’t exist. I also find it amusing that ppl think if they were given 1 million dollars 1) they could manage it as to not lose it, 2) turn that million into multi millions. It’s not that easy bud. 

My point of reference, besides data that shows most millionaires and rich aren’t just trust fund baby’s and that most are self made, is my own experience. I worked my ass off to advance myself and my families lives. After years of struggling, late nights, almost failing I’ve finally created a lucrative small business. By adding value to the lives of others, by being willing to take risks, by working twice as hard as most ppl around me, by not quitting  I was able to pull it off.  90% of wealthy ppl I know have similar life experiences.  

The fact of the matter is most ppl are not going to put in 80 hr weeks, wake up everyday at 5 am and work till 10 pm, work weekends, eat ramen for 2-3 years, take massive personal and financial risk to pursue their ideas and dreams. Sacrifice personal pleasure. Becoming and *remaining* successful takes years of hard work and extreme discipline. It also takes being smart which unfortunately the majority of society is ignorant and naive. 

Evidence of rich ppl being rich because of hard work and dedication you can reference most ppl in STEM fields, most professional athletes, doctors, Surgeons, most entrepreneurs with successful start ups small businesses etc. 

If your response to this is going to be more 15 year old talking points about Congolese war lords, pedophile syndicates, and Orangeman bad just save us all some time and don’t reply.
