I know this is kinda old (and I won't go into everything above), but I randomly found it, and honestly, the fact that there are so many people that aren't able to trip on weed nor believe that others can, could easily be compared to a normal person who's simply somewhere on the schizophrenia spectrum (let's say at a 25-40 out of 100, but doesn't actually have it to the point where it can be diagnosed) being able to trip on it due to their mind operating in a different way than those who may be at 1-15 out of 100 which could be considered where your basic human stands. One who doesn't necessarily really stand out in any quirky or creative way. 

This goes off of a theory of mine that I was researching during my time in college working in psychology and sociology where very many mental conditions/ diseases have a spectrum in which everyone has a slightly different place in and how it reflects on things they're good at, things they like, etc. I've forgotten so much since I became disabled and couldn't continue my education, though. Really sad honestly, but I digress lol

I use schizophrenia as an example since it's the closest thing intrinsic to the human mind I can think of that is a cause of extremely abstract thoughts and feelings that can be impossible to explain to someone who can't perceive them. Not to mention the correlation between schizophrenia as a spectrum and artistic creativity which is also in the realm of the abstract that can't be explained, but can be expressed to some degree through music, art, etc.

Due to the people who's brains operate in a much simpler way when it comes to this kind of thing, they have never perceived anything close to tripping on marijuana or the type of abstract thoughts that come with being on that spectrum even while sober. They literally can't imagine such a thing, so it's not real to them and they'll try to rationalize its non-existence however they can instead of admitting that they can't possibly know and that maybe some peoples' minds do work in a way in which they can actually trip on weed. Humans are some stupid, ignorant, and arrogant creatures far far far too often, though. A dude and his gf that I knew a long time ago were trying to argue that it is impossible to feel anxious on marijuana... lol
