100%

Speaking for up north here, we're in an era of an ignorant and non-critically thinking voter base, damaging policy and a complicit biased media that rationalizes feelings over facts to the detriment of everyone.

In large part I blame higher learning (universities) for polarizing debates, fostering cancel culture/ authoritarian rule and radicalization.

The energy file is a good example of this.  Life long politicans that've never run a business nor knows where food comes from (a farm, manufacturing, logistics vs a grocery store) and is anti energy, hasn't a clue how difficult it is to produce energy, transport it, refine it, market it and get it to retailers.  They just 'don't like it'.  Or how alternatives can be a part of the existing energy mix and supports the eventual reduction of oil and natural gas.  I honestly don't think they care about the consequences, being lost jobs, lost energy security, lost taxes, higher costs, they're all secondary consequences of their energy reduction religion.

Case in point....our scumbag federal Liberal government appointed a formerly arrested GreenPeace activist as our Energy Minister.  After he made Canada's grand pledges at COP26, the government THEN announced the intent to consult on how to meet their pledges.  What idiot / clown would make pledges to the world without even first  knowing a) if they're achievable, b) what damage they could do to the economy, c) what it means for already high energy prices and d) how they might further drive foreign investment out of the country.  These are secondary issues to them.

Like I said above, so many folks are concerned about feelings over facts.  And then vote with that mentality.  This being the case, having a rational and adult conversation with them that doesn't degrade into name calling is almost impossible, since basic facts can't be agreed upon.

Sure it's all frustrating as he'll, but more so it saddens me to see where society has come, where it might be going, and the brainwashing of our youth.
