"if i ever did a challenge video with my partner and I won and got to pick his ice cream flavor, I would only get him something he likes. I could never intentionally make him suffer," It's ice cream. It's not that big of a deal.

The John Gottman bit reminded me of how S intersplices a little bit of psychological studies to promote his narrative about something instead of using your own critical thinking skills.   
Unfortunately, I expect to see of these videos that highlight the LEAST worry some bits about why the divorce was hard to witness.

I feel so awkward with these videos. Here we can have conversation and more proof provided with documents from screenshots, and have back and fourths with disagreements or provide a growing perspective.  We can edit if we messed up and correct ourselves. On video, it just stays. And this video, like some others, completely missed the point on why it was so hard to see this divorce, and KNOWING that we don't even understand the full scope of it makes it harder because the missing pieces make us want to believe it's not as bad as we think it is, but then proves to us that it's worse than we thought. Their first divorce announcement said they were "amicable" so of course the learned info since then was all downhill.

Along with the public being treated with hostility from S and then Martina leaving the Rainbow Ladder Support Team-which was her thing, the incoming bits and pieces were NOT showing us the divorce was "amicable" as they wanted us to believe. We don't want to be ignorant and naïve. (And in this video, Echo shares her thoughts, but then at the end she wants OTHERS to just move on and watch cute japan vlogs instead of drawing a microscope to the S situation....by making her video on it.... that was very condescending.) 

As I learned more I became worried for Martina and Meemers, even if it was parasocial. I think Martina was struggling to figure out how she can share publicly what she went through yet not trying to crossing boundaries and make people feel sad for her or hate S was a tricky place to be in. I don't fault her AT ALL for sharing some quotes on her IG stories. I think she had enough when S deleted her comment about Meemers being near death so she really came out at that point, things she was holding in. 

There was no mention in Echo's video of Meemers getting sick near death, but lots of talk about potential of covid. She, and many others, keep missing the point.

People keep bringing up restrictions, cvid potential, but really the most messed up thing during this time is that Martina rushed Meemers to the vet (she posted a photo of him in the ICU on her IG after her comment got deleted by S) and stayed by Meemers side hoping he would make it through, to then look after Meemers....while Simon wanted to censor that and his vacation in hawaii. He was then deleting anything about hawaii and banned the word "travel" while also being a self-proclaimed travel blog, to protect his own interest. When S finally admitted to going to Hawaii, he made it seem like he was going for mental health reasons, while also claiming he was looking to move there but then he couldn't because the shores flooded, and the only reason people knew about it was because of Martina not respecting his privacy, which all of these make him a victim. I get frustrated when people talk about cvid and hawaii because that wasn't even the worst of it. While censoring hawaii he was censoring Meemers actual declining health, only allowing us to see Meemers in silly costumes and only accepting us to write brainless praise about it.... when he almost died of his preexsisting condition.... which Simon claims that "Meemers was not sick in my care," Yes he was because the condition came about during either korea or japan.

Videos like this weird me out but i know they'll just keep coming now while missing all the main points of concern, yes, including the parasocial relationship with Meemers because of basic human empathy. 

I am hoping martina has the peace, grows any articulation she's missing and finds courage to speak out one day about her life and experience as she has slowly been figuring out and it feels like these videos want to rush that and potentially get the narrative wrong. anything we say s can victimize himself with, and has, just as he did with the whole hawaii situation.  

He's so manipulative and will find a way to make himself the victim, even when Meemers got sick, S was the victim. Even seeing that his several posts about his "doggies" was a covert manipulation tactic to see him as a great pet owner so eventually when the public finds out about meemers and his ICU stay we wouldn't immediately think he had anything to do with it. Yet, any criticism was deleted due to "privacy" reasons. To summarize, cvid was a potential. Meemers preexisting condition and the ICU stay was real and actually happened.

&amp;#x200B;

people think they have an A-HA moment in regards to this whole cvid thing. but they miss the whole entire point. We do not know if the presence of cvid ever happened between this time. what sickness did absolutely occur? meemers preexisting illness revved up and he almost died. cvid is actually beside the point because of what actually happened. completely ignored in this video. Echo said "the thing that makes me most upset that he mentioned in the video" and then mentions cvid... cdc....people don't get it. Meemers did not almost die from cvid. He almost died from crystals and S was censoring both, making you pick which way he can set himself up to be the victim in the narrative. the most thing that upset me was he was whining about setting up a plastic box with cat sand and making it out to be that martina was incapable of caring for meemers. the gull of that creep. and people keep missing the point because they are so up in arms about cvid and the potential for it while at this time s KNEW meemers almost died and was priming with everything he had to set up as if he's the responsible one in this. (including not mentioning in his video but writing in the description that he just "forgot" to talk about his deleting Martina's comments about the truth of Meemers state and whereabouts, seeming the more responsible one by hiding his January vacation, and trying to make him seem the more responsible one by bragging that his puppies are so healthy and never sick nor anxious with the postings of covert manipulative pictures of "doggies" that are so well behaved that they don't have anxiety- his words). yet people keep bringing up cvid as a main point. No! This is what I mean...when Echo brought up cvid/hawaii and then she started talking about meemers....she never mentioned MARTINA and the VET in regards to meemers being in actual critical state.

&amp;#x200B;

That guy from "hiding in my room" did his video better. And another difference is that he's talking as if he's talking straight to S and Martina instead of other random people in the audience. 

&amp;#x200B;

Echo keeps saying that Martina should not have spoken about hawaii (once again...the reality was that Martina had been trying to get ownership of meemers before he got sick and then had to take care of meemers, her posting about hawaii is the least of "what should not have happened"). And Echo says Martina also shouldn't have posted about narcissists. I disagree, as that was Martina's way of speaking about what she could at the time. How much is she suppose to keep about her former relationship a secret and completely unbiased as if she signed a NDA on her marriage?? As if she can't speak that her and S are not getting along and that she's been hurt through it. When we had S complaining on IG that he "lost" his cat when Meemers survived by Martina's care and compliance with the vet. It's like people are nitpicking on the small detail and ignoring the context, all during them battling for Meemers. If anything, her posting those stories were her way of slowly speaking out that things were not okay. She herself might have felt like she shouldn't have spoken out like that. but she WAS heard through this. and i hope it means a lot.   


s didn't just block and ban comments from the audience, but he deleted Martina's comment about Meemers. Echo didn't mention that. Echo claimed "the community was given a crumb of the tiniest bit of context and they ran with it" ugh. I know that's what it seems like to people who don't have a lot of context, but I would rather not be ignorant.
