&gt; When cretins equate communism and nazism, what exactly sort of rhetoric do you think you legitimize?

That both are murderous ideologies. I don't care communism promises utopia and sunshine and rainbows. It has always ended up with atrocities on the same level as nazism when they got their way. Yes, including genocide.

&gt;There are communist parties virtually all over the world.

So what? There were Jewish Nazis at one point.

 &gt;In Kerala, 

Who govern as social democrats, not following communist principles.

&gt;To equate them with Nazis is a disgusting form of fascist apologetics and absolute braindead rhetoric 

No. Communism kills.

&gt;All it does is legitimize actual far right neo nazi and fascist parties

Whoop-de-doo. I saw Stalin's gulags and Mao's mass killings and now I can't stop heiling Hitler.

You truly cannot grasp you can be against both things at once. I don't desire to get kicked in the nuts the same way I don't desire to get punched in the face.

&gt;as being somehow as normal as left wing parties are.

Communists are not normal leftists. Social democrats are the respectable ones.

&gt;there are plenty of popular and large communist parties all over the world in governments even other than the socialist states: Nepal, Japan, India, Portugal, Spain, Greece, Venezuela, Brazil, Chile, 
Austria.

So? They have all political movements, inlcuding awful ones like nazism and libertarianism too. Does that make them good ideologies because they exist around the world? No.

&gt;Lets not pretend like any of you people even have an ounce of knowledge on them,

I'm fairly sure in your self-enlightened discourse (with the light coming out of your ass), I bet you feel very smart about naming countries. Well guess fucking what. I live in Chile and the Communist Party here isn't particularly popular at all, being seen with a big distance from the vast majority of people, including the rest of the left. And yes, they are awful people who make apologises for North Korea and Venezuela's oppression.

Venezuela's left wing parties are impressively hated by 90% of Venezuelans living in Venezuela. They completely ruined the country and 6 million from 33 million have already fled the country. Do you think the refugees from communism enjoy communism? Do you think a drug lord who oppresses his people for more cash for he and his cronies is popular and good? Pull your head out of your ass.

 &gt;equating them as "just as bad as Nazis" is incredibly ignorant and dumb rhetoric.

Maybe don't simp for China before taking about dumb rhetoric.
