Only partially. 

Pandemics are extremely complex and there are a lot of factors that go into them. In some cases, I'd say, there isn't really "blame" to be assigned, because this is the way Life works (Life with a capital L, like, Life for billions of years, not just the human society of the last 100 years). We're just a lot more global and connected now, compared to centuries previously where most people never traveled five miles from their places of birth. 

And it's an evolving situation, with new changes every day, so we learn more and change positions over time, which is normal. When you gather more facts, your theories and actions will change. There's nothing nefarious or scary about this, but a lot of misinformed morons use that as an excuse to further their political crap. My nasty GOP father was complaining over the holiday that "they don't know anything about \[Covid\], it's bullshit." We know a lot more than we did two years ago, and two years from now we'll know even more. Americans, in particular, are used to immediate and QUICK events. Short, sweet, action packed movies with lots of violence and rock music. We are not good at slow, evolving, long-term situations, which pandemics by definition are. "Why isn't everything immediately over?" we bitch after three days. That's just not how it works. With hindsight, we might say, "Yes, this technique was ineffective. We needed a stricter policy. We should have implemented this sooner." But that all takes TIME. It doesn't mean Fauci is an evil liar or the scientists "don't know anything." This is actually how science, especially medicine, work. It takes TIME. We don't know everything after one day, one week, one month, or, sadly, one year. We just can't. 

BUT: There are measures individuals can take to keep themselves and their families healthy, and that includes vaccination.  Germ theory is well studied and accepted (by the scientific community, if not the idiots who think the Earth is flat and Jesus rode dinosaurs. Those people are useless, we're better off without them.), and it provides some hints on how to manage pandemics. Look to history too, plenty of plagues and pandemics, and the advice is largely the same: Cover your face, stay isolated, restrict movements, hunker down. And now that we live in the 21st century, we're blessed with better medicine and a greater understanding of disease Yet, the willfully ignorant and hateful, which make up the majority of the unvaccinated (but not all, yes, I know, some people have good reason, but so do the hardcore anti-vaxxers, so, fuck you), ignore and disregard science, because they have no understanding of science or the scientific method. And that's just sad, really.  

The unvaccinated are putting a massive strain on our hospitals, they treat healthcare workers with disrespect and violence, and they're purposely spreading misinformation and lies. This is a time where we as a species really need to show some unity, and if you can't manage that, at least do it for your own community, your state, your country. Instead, it got turned into another culture war, hyped by our evil leaders to purposely kill off the plebeians. "Show your allegiance to Q! Kill someone today!" But, the plebeians had plenty of opportunity to educate themselves and think independently, and they didn't. That I do blame them for.

The pandemic would suck even if everyone got on board and did the all the "right" things, all the time. It would still last for years with several mutations and several waves. \[The only people at the start who were saying it would be over soon were, if you recall, idiots who don't know anything about science or medicine.\] BUT. Individuals can make a huge difference for themselves and the people they directly contact (family, coworkers). To not do so abdicates social responsibility, and I do blame them for that.

The hardest thing, for me, in this pandemic is to look at all these people and realize how little they care. They won't put on a piece of cloth while they shop, or get a free shot, to protect themselves, their loved ones, or their community. In fact, they spread lies, hatred, and vitriol, and they are actually violent toward others over it (we've all read news stories of retail workers shot dead enforcing mask policies, and healthcare workers being attacked, and scientists and politicians receiving death threats). I was already pretty misanthropic, but at this point, I want to live in a cave and never see another human being for the rest of my life. Hateful, evil fucks.  

TL/DR: I don't really blame them for prolonging it, because it was going to last a while and be messy anyway. But I'll be very, very happy when the unvaccinated die, as it will absolutely help improve the situation. Get on the same page, or die. Move forward as a species, or die. Not sorry about that at all.
