I agree to an extent, those that are responsible for the specific decisions that were made in key positions of power are certainly more in the vein of cartoonish villainy. It truly rivals fiction. That being said, the generation *as a whole* I find to be apathetic as long as they get their’s, hopefully a larger some of their’s than you get of yours.

In their later years, I just find them to be blissfully ignorant, willingly mislead by a beautiful lie over an ugly truth, and unwilling to take any amount of criticism due to their complete and total lack of ability to self reflect in an honest way.

Most of them were useful idiots. Some of them were complete and total bastards. It’s a mixed bag, as is every generation. They just happened to live in a time where wealth was bountiful and easy to access, and they conflated that with deserving wealth because they worked hard.

That attitude has permeated every decision they have made, and it shows when discussing things like wealth inequality the most, because they somehow feel as though they stood alone in the world and against all odds made it through, and successfully at that! Instead of the obvious truth, which is in hindsight, there was almost nobody left in their economic world who would have provided much in the way of competition.

Amazing how many of the world’s most advanced societies obliterating themselves in total warfare can make for a seller’s market as they pick up the pieces. America was the beneficiary of an amazing period of growth due largely in part to the destruction of most serious competition to it’s industry, and somehow the Boomers were so egotistical that they thought it was their greatness that earned them their vast wealth.

Self deluded, ignorant, and callous? Sure. Evil? Some, but not all. As much as I truly detest their worldview and actions, I can’t lie and say they are all hateful, evil fucks. Many of them, yes, but many are just apathetic and lack any motivation to stir the pot. Why would they? It has paid them dividends to keep their mouths shut and let the rich do as they please, *so long as they get their’s.*
