&gt; You deny any different type of human exists.

From a biological point of view there are no human subspecies as you ignorantly tried to claim. Any "type" you're trying to define is merely a social construct which is completely arbitrary. I've already explained this but you were to dumb to understand it. 

&gt;Do african americans exist? are they distinct any different from british americans yes or no?

The distinction is arbitrary and both of them are Americans and YOU'RE THE ONE WHO ORIGINALLY DEFINED DIFFERENCE BY NATIONALITY. So you're attempting to move the goalposts because I've completely debunked all of your ignorant bullshit. 

&gt;And no that's not the definition of racism, but ofcourse you can make up whatever terms you want. But no, racism is if you think another type is intrinsically better, smarter faster than another. I say they are different and should be respected for that.

False. It does not require superiority though that's often the subconscious belief. 

Racism - https://www.dictionary.com/browse/racism 

- a belief or doctrine that inherent differences among the various human racial groups determine cultural or individual achievement

- Racial or ethnic prejudice or intolerance

If you think an INDIVIDUAL can't achieve a "clean" family with a person of a different race, then you're fucking racist by definition. You believe their racial group inherently prevents them from achieving individual "cleanliness". This applies to both parts of the definition I provided because it also shows intolerance. You won't tolerate a person who identifies as African American having a family with a person who's "British American" because of their perceived race. You're racist, deal with it. 

&gt;And was that good no?

Subjective opinions like "good" vs "bad" are moot when it comes to logical discourse. I can just as easily say "yes" and your entire argument is moot. Not to mention, Canada wouldn't exist if it wasn't for the British Empire doing the exact same thing. 

&gt;but this happen long ago.

And this is why your entire viewpoint is arbitrary. Like there's some specific point in time when it was okay and now it's no longer okay. FYI, when this happened is ultimately irrelevant within the context of this conversation because the point still refutes your ignorant bullshit. 

&gt;So you want to do the same but in a different way and do it TODAY, ON RACIAL GROUNDS you want to have some human types hurt, to favor other human types, pretty sure that's racial hatred :D You want a RACIAL REVENGE.. and to do this you want to gaslight people that no different type of humans exist.

You're projecting your own hatred and from this ignorant belief that people are somehow being "hurt" when they enter into a mutual romantic relationship with people who look different from them. You haven't provided a single piece of evidence to support that ignorant claim and it's laughable that you argue people reproducing is just like Empires murdering people and supplanting their own governments. 

&gt; i thought the indigenous people were exactly same as british so british just wiping out other british. 

That's because you're an idiot and I never said this. They are both humans and people, but they are not inherently different as individuals because of their physical location WHICH IS THE ARGUMENT YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE. The notions of "British" and "Non-British" do exist, but only as social constructs, which is something I've already explained. So you don't have a point here except to display your own ignorance and lack of reading comprehension. 

&gt;WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE? TO YOU THERE IS NON, trapped in your own web.. of bullshit. 

Nope, you're just an idiot that doesn't understand the difference between social categorizations and biological ones. They are not the same thing and you're the one pretending they are. 

&gt;Oh btw. there are more 'native americans' in USA TODAY than people in denmark and they have 5x more territory.

This is a red herring argument and is typical apologetics from racists. 

&gt;As for china and taiwan, the main biological difference between taiwan and han china is NONE

And this is precisely why your argument is wrong. You're the one who wanted to pretend that different nationalities had some sort of major importance or created a biological distinction and you've clearly been proved wrong. This is why you're a complete fucking idiot and the imaginary boundaries drawn on maps is completely arbitrary when it comes to making biological distinctions between humans. Way to fail. 

&gt;But it's not so much merely ideology when you have african go to japan or something.. This is biological AND cultural/ideological.

This is irrelevant to the fact that nationality is an arbitrary construct. So it's an attempt to move the goalposts from simply nationality to "biological and cultural/ideological."  On top of this, I've already explained how genetically, there is no DNA difference that determines specific races. 

&gt;Be careful what you say :D that you don't get stuck in your own web.

I am careful, you're just too dumb to understand shit while at the same time you've been tripping all over your own web of bullshit. My Alexander the Great example and the China and Taiwan example both prove how your arguments are completely ignorant and inherently fallacious.
