I know exactly how you feel. I had an ex a couple years ago who did similar things, especially in social situations. He would take me to big gatherings at his family’s house, then walk off and leave me alone. Or he would cut me out of the conversation physically when we were with multiple people, like you described. There were so many other things he’d do in public situations to make an ass of himself too, but if I ever mentioned any of it or how it bothered me, I was just being “too nit-picky” or a bitch. He would also act completely aloof and ignorant, and say he didn’t even realize he was doing these things. It was the same type of mind game that you’re describing, to the point where I never wanted to go ANYWHERE with him because I knew I’d hate the way he acted the entire time, and there was nothing I could do besides deal with it since bringing it up would just result in me being gaslighted and called a bitch. 

I turmoiled over this for months, I couldn’t for the life of me figure out if he was doing these things on purpose for whatever manipulative reason, or if he was truly just too stupid to understand. But it got so old, that I decided I didn’t even care to figure it out. Whether he was purposely stressing me out for the sake of his own reasoning, or whether he was just completely socially undeveloped and didn’t realize he was making an ass of himself- it didn’t matter. Because at the end of the day, explanation aside, he was making me feel shitty constantly. And there was no fixing it because he refused to accept that it was even an issue. I gave up, I no longer cared about the “why” or about his thought process. I couldn’t deal with it anymore and I felt constantly shunned and embarrassed every time we went out together, and I felt gaslighted every time I tried to explain how it made me feel. So I left him. And now I’m with an amazing man who makes me feel included and “enough” in every situation, he has never once embarrassed me or himself in public and hasn’t excluded me whatsoever. He is perceptive and makes a conscious effort to make me comfortable wherever we go. He made me realize that putting up with my ex’s behavior was never worth it, not for one second.
