\*yawn all i am hearing are excuses and another reason rachel shouldnt even be on same floor as baam and gang.  

pls go google what redeeming qualities are because you yourself do not know what they are. white being a good swordsman is a redeeming quality while him being a murderer is not....  

yeah training with evan then defeating a floor boss for his team afterwards is def plot magic. rachel belongs on floor 30. have you ever seen or heard rachel talk about training cuz i havent. she just wants others to boost her up.  

all youre doing is deflecting the blame. rachel can easily not take FUG's offer but of course she does cuz its the easy way up the tower. As for headon, there is no required end date for this to happen so she can easily just spend time getting stronger before she does anything with baam or whatever deal it was

its justified that she wants to kill khun? so its khuns fault he exposed rachel for being the traitor that she is to Dan and then humiliated her for being a traitor. its also FUGs fault for her pushing baam right cuz they had a gun to her head lol. youre delusional.  

okay its mentioned in the anime so i guess if you dont believe it i cant blame you since they change things around.

you thinking rachel would be able to use thorn and FUG replacing baam with her is the only theory with 0 proof. the only reason baam is chosen is because he is the son of v and arlenes prophecy. FUG would probably wait another hundred thousand years before they support a talentless irregular who will backstab them at the first chance she gets. besides rachel is too weak with no resolve to properly use great power.

endorsi only beat rachel because baam is ignorant and endorsi knows that rachel is useless backstabbing POS who will just end up fucking baam again if given the chance like she did on the administrator test. endorsi had all rights to fuck up rachel  just like how you think rachel is in the right to kill khun lol.

anyways im not wasting more time in this debate keep worshiping your talentless maid who will backstab even the closest people to her just to climb the tower and be the "star".  just as headon says rachel is ugly, nasty, and bad and not worthy of climbing the tower. the best part is she keeps proving him right looool
