&gt; Jesus *had* to have been an illiterate peasant

Arguably one of the most annoying presumptions I come across in this field.

The canonical tradition has him reading in temple and arguing with rabbis in childhood. In his ministry he's depicted arguing with Pharisees on the nuances of the Law and networked with wealthy patrons. Apocrypha like *Thomas* have him being perceived as "a wise philosopher."

If he were an intellectually gifted and curious child as claimed, by the time he was in his 30s - growing up in an area with neighboring Greek towns - is he still illiterate and unaware of Greek philosophy so as to be confused as a philosopher or appeal to the learned?

Just because his preferred audience was the poor and uneducated masses, some of whom went on to continue his ministry, seems a sizable leap to assume he himself never had any curiosity or effort towards broadening his own knowledge before forming and deciding to pass on his original ideas.

It's an assumption with consequences too, as it arguably excessively narrows the scope of what influences may have been at play in the formation of a historical Jesus's thinking to only those from Judaism. While this would be supported with a historical Jesus only creating the *canonical* tradition which falls over itself (particularly in Matthew) in stressing it is solely out of and building on Judaism, it would be a historical Jesus entirely at odds with most of the non-canonical traditions, which draw on a broad swath of ideas ranging from the mysteries to multiple schools of philosophy.

For example, it's often overlooked that Simon Magus, the alleged first 'heretic' contemporary with Peter in Acts who had joined the early church before leaving, in his *Announcement* was talking about an "indivisible point" per Hippolytus's *Refutations* volume 6. Was this atomism a Simon Magus original? Because one volume earlier Hippolytus recorded the Naassenes using similar atomist language to describe the 'seeds' making up all things and as originating cause of the universe in their understanding of the mustard seed and sower parable.

That language of 'seeds' as the Epicurean *atomos* is straight out of *De Rerum Natura*, which itself described the origin of the world as being like the scattering of its seeds of things.

The Naassenes are the only group explicitly described as following *Thomas* with its philosopher-like Jesus, a work some scholars claim have versions of both the [mustard seed parable](http://www.earlychristianwritings.com/thomas/gospelthomas20.html) and [sower parable](http://www.earlychristianwritings.com/thomas/gospelthomas9.html) in earlier form than the canonical ones. Notably missing the secret explanation for the latter that poorly fits its surrounding context in both Luke and Mark and is at odds with the Johnanine understanding of Jesus as "saying nothing in secret" in John 18:20.

But the idea that a historical Jesus might have been engaging with one of the hotly debated arguments in philosophy at the time with language that perhaps went over the heads of some of his audience from whom he was regularly asking that there be people with good ears?

Nah, he was clearly an illiterate peasant, so that's not possible.

Between assuming Simon Magus's brilliance or a historical Jesus's, personally I'd rather assume (in part based on the former joining one of the latter's continued traditions before breaking out on his own) that the guy who ended up central to a multitude of fractal continuations may have had more to him than the average denizen of his given area at that time.
