&gt;*yawn all i am hearing are excuses and another reason rachel shouldnt even be on same floor as baam and gang.

Lol. 

&gt;pls go google what redeeming qualities are because you yourself do not know what they are. white being a good swordsman is a redeeming quality while him being a murderer is not.... 

We are talking about redeeming qualities of their personalities. 

&gt;yeah training with evan then defeating a floor boss for his team afterwards is def plot magic. 

I'm talking with you about how Khun's plans became plot magic, because he wasn't supposed to be super strategists, he was a great manipulator, but SIU needs to keep him relevant. And you are answering me with him learning Enna's Core that he can use only because he had Beta inside his lighthouse.

&gt;rachel belongs on floor 30. have you ever seen or heard rachel talk about training cuz i havent. she just wants others to boost her up. 

 I'm able to count from 1 to 4. That's all you need to realize that Rachel improved. 

&gt;rachel can easily not take FUG's offer but of course she does cuz its the easy way up the tower.

 Yeah, FUG is nice little shippies, who definitely wouldn't kill her if she refused. And we definitely haven't seen Hwaryun treating her in S1.

&gt;As for headon, there is no required end date for this to happen so she can easily just spend time getting stronger before she does anything with baam or whatever deal it was

That's just insanely dumb. I can't see a reason to continue discussing with you if you can't understand how stupid what you just wrote is. 

&gt;you thinking rachel would be able to use thorn and FUG replacing baam with her is the only theory with 0 proof.

SIU said that Rachel can use thorn. ;)

&gt;FUG would probably wait another hundred thousand years before they support a talentless irregular

 Irregular is still irregular. In those hundred thousand years they could've made Rachel op, especially with thorns.

 &gt;who will backstab them at the first chance she gets.

 And that's why they picked Baam who run away from them when he got a chance? Rachel has the same goals as FUG, so they have no reason to not trust her. 

&gt;its justified that she wants to kill khun? so its khuns fault he exposed rachel for being the traitor that she is to Dan and then humiliated her for being a traitor.

 Yes it's fully his fault that he spend FIVE YEARS plotting to torture and kill her. He could've easily ask her "Why?" and he would've get all the answers. And it's their fault that they are hypocrites who call Rachel a traitor because she didn't let them kill her.

&gt;FUGs fault for her pushing baam right cuz they had a gun to her head lol. youre delusional.

 Only delusional person here is you, little Endorsi stan. FUG and Headon did held a "gun" at Rachel's head. If she refused to cooperate she will be dead soon. 

&gt;endorsi only beat rachel because baam is ignorant and endorsi knows that rachel is useless backstabbing POS who will just end up fucking baam again if given the chance like she did on the administrator test.

 Endorsi herself admitted that her reason for attacking Rachel was only that she is jealous about Baam paying Rachel attention. You can't whitewash her when scene clearly said that Endorsi is a petty bitch. And she doesn't give a shit about Baam getting betrayed - she betrayed him on NHS for no reason, lol. 

&gt;endorsi had all rights to fuck up rachel just like how you think rachel is in the right to kill khun lol.

Nope. Rachel saved Endorsi's life few hours before bitch princess attacked her. 

&gt;anyways im not wasting more time in this debate keep worshiping your talentless maid who will backstab even the closest people to her just to climb the tower and be the "star". 

 And you can keep worshipping your pure evil pieces of trash, who have power only because of their good genes.

&gt;just as headon says rachel is ugly, nasty, and bad and not worthy of climbing the tower. 

 Headon gave really good description of Endorsi. He used it on Rachel to manipulate her, but idiots like you took it as a gospel of truth, lol. 

&gt;the best part is she keeps proving him right looool

 You are so cringe, omg. Good that you can't give me any actual arguments, so you decided to gave up. Arguing with brainless kid isn't something I would like to do now.😂
