It’s sad that people somehow come to think adding more pain, suffering, and chaos to the world will somehow reduce pain, chaos, and suffering overall.

What you’re fed up with is human nature. Advocating for the use of violence as a way to change things, is not only unhelpful but it adds to the problems. The last thing any of us need are to deal with people who have become convinced that violence and destruction is the way forward.

It is not the way forward.

You say voting doesn’t matter, but how involved are you in your local community? Your city, township, or county? Once you get to the state and federal level, yes your vote has very little direct impact. Your best chance for influence is at the local level, to elect better quality people who will then move into state and federal positions over the next few years. They will be the ones capable of enacting changes at the state and federal level.

Or, how about you get into politics yourself, and climb up the ladder so you can be at the table when some of the important climate decisions are being made?

Or how about you build up your social influence by earning a strong reputation, by adding value to other people lives, and use your platform to influence large groups of people who have come to trust you?

Or why not focus on becoming financially successful, and funnel your own wealth towards the causes that you care most about?

Your idea of resorting to violence to overthrow government and private industry is not only I’ll-informed, ignorant, and sad, but it’s a huge problem. People who choose to act on the sort of ideas you talk about, will become enormous burdens to everyone else. It will cause widespread suspicion, mistrust, and rejection of anything related to climate activism, because to everyone else it will start to become synonymous with crazy terrorist. Meaning your approach will do nothing to bring about any progress, and instead, will create massive setbacks that everyone else will have to work overtime just to regain enough legitimacy and restore enough public trust yo have any voice at all.
