I've experienced and seen some unpleasant things in my life and I can't believe that a god would want or allow them. Why did my mother have to die so badly and suffer so much? If she had to die at 46 why not a brain aneurysm or instantaneously in a car wreck or lightning or something? Why instead did dad and I have to watch her go from relatively healthy to a crippled, bloated, unrecognizable corpse over the period of a year. There were no positives at all from this experience for me or anyone else so don't you fucking dare tell me that "He WoRkS iN MysTerioUs wAyS."


A less selfish example from my life. I have been fortunate enough to travel to Cambodia and two of the places I visited there absolutely cemented my atheism (which was already pretty well set from the above experience. I saw a literal mountain of skulls in the Killing Fields, alongside them were the tools that the monsters of the Khmer Rouge used to turn people into those skulls. I also visited the infamous [S-21 Prison](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuol_Sleng_Genocide_Museum?wprov=sfla1) and saw the museum Cambodians made out of the leftover torture devices used to brutalize COUNTLESS innocent people.

I saw those things with my own eyes, and as a student of history I have read extensively about terrible atrocities committed by people against others and in many cases NEITHER group had any concept of your Christian God or the Devil. 

There is no god whatever, there is simply man who lives on a spectrum from evil to heroic alongside good or bad luck all governed by randomness and time. Frankly I find questions like this ignorant and insulting. It trivializes both truly good people by giving credit to a made up deity and the trauma in all it's forms for all of humanity.

God was made up 1000s of years ago to scare ignorant peasants into treating each other with some semblance of civility.

And if I'm wrong and there is a God, they're a big insecure bitch because they're supposedly all powerful, all knowing, and the creator of all things. YET, forever occupied coming up with ways to test the faith OF ITS OWN CREATION.

Gimme a fuckin' break dog.
