This is... a lot.

&gt;Karl Marx was not a real economist

This is an ad hominem attack.

&gt;What Karl Marx called “capitalism” was in fact mercantilism, a   
pathologically bad economic ideology which even at the time of Marx’s   
writing had already been thoroughly criticized by the likes of Adam   
Smith and Frederic Bastiat.

What Marx called capitalism is transferable ownership of the means of production not dependent on labour, which exists today as the world's sole economic system.

&gt;mercantilism

What do you think mercantilism is?

&gt; The economic calculation problem, which is a complex subject that I will not cover here. 

Market socialists such as myself thus do not fit under your argument.

&gt;Incentives. When everyone is paid the same no matter what they do or how  
 good a job they do, nobody wants to work at all so they do as little as  
 possible and make no effort to correct mistakes.

Many socialists, such as myself, do not believe in equal wages, rather we believe in economic democracy.

&gt;Governments are incapable of producing anything because governments are   
funded by the economy and without the economy, a government is nothing   
more than a bunch of armed thugs.

This is false for a multitude of reasons, but the main is the very fact that centralised planned economies *have* existed, and thus this sentence is factually incorrect.

&gt; When you take those three things   
together, it is absolutely no surprise that communist/socialist   
countries always suffer from empty grocery store shelves,   
hyperinflation, and are dominated by firing squads and gulags.

The last two are symptoms of authoritarianism and corruption, both of which have also existed (and arguably amplified) under capitalism. Which, by the way, the Soviet Union was effectively state capitalist because the worker's didn't own the means of production.

The last paragraph is on some conspiracy-age shit. 

&gt;which is that communist propagandists and politicians know that   
communism and socialism are incapable of working. Their end game is not   
communism or socialism, but feudalism. Communism and socialism are   
simply excellent propaganda tools for achieving it because people, in   
general, are very stupid and ignorant and economics is complicated and   
people just can’t be bothered to learn it. 

Can you give examples of these politicians?

&gt; Well, all they need is a base of fanatical supporters who are insane   
sociopaths that are perfectly comfortable inflicting violence on anyone   
who disagrees with them, and who will never admit the failures of their   
ideology and its policies no matter how blatantly obvious they are

I could say the same about modern American populist conservatives.

&gt;By raising children to be obedient sociopaths who riot on command and   
who go around loudly proclaiming that 2 + 2 = 5, modern leftist   
politicians now have both a steady supply of votes and an army of thugs   
to terrorize their political opponents.

\[citation needed\]

&gt; So yes, that wasn’t real communism. Or maybe it was real communism and   
its ‘failures’ were just capitalist propaganda. Or maybe the person   
you’re talking to is just a brainwashed sociopath trying to gaslight you  
 and all those communist countries really were genuine abominations   
which is why they collapsed and why people flee them in droves.

Or perhaps you need to stop implanting your biases into every word you say and actually have an open mind.
