Getting another reply from Oracle account team did not solve anything. They are equally ignorant and unhelpful. You can tell already by the 300 characters they allow you to use when using the contact form to contact them. Sure, you do have freedom of speech, but only up to 300 mark. You wouldn't believe it how incoherent and broken the communication becomes when you do this s---. I ended up splitting my last message to them into 12 parts, splitting by whole sentence, and politely annotated as PART x/10 (I went past 10 messages for I forgot to take into account annotations when calculating split size). I wanted to send them a last message in order to give them a full picture of the situation instead of sending bread crumbs of information and having them draw conclusions based on those bits. I haven't heard from them since/yet.

Meanwhile, I have restored access to my VirtualBox account. I did so by creating a new Oracle account using the same e-mail address. So I can answer my own questions now.

1. No. You can't reach out to anyone on the VirtualBox forum as you have been locked out. Even if you did reach out, it's not very likely they could do anything for you unless you have an Oracle account they can connect your VirtualBox account to.
2. Yes. If you use the same e-mail address as you used previously with your Oracle account, you will be automatically granted access to your VirtualBox account. If you no longer have access to the same e-mail address, you can create a new Oracle account with a different e-mail address and then contact the VirtualBox forum team to help you connect your VirtualBox account to that Oracle account.
3. Probably not. I have not investigate this, but it's unlikely that the VirtualBox forum allows alternative login options or sidestepping the Oracle login process, for existing or for new accounts. This is really the sad part. It means that this community has been taken over by the Oracle corporation.

This recent experience has taught me not to trust Oracle. So even though I have regained access to my VirtualBox account, I won't be staying for long. Being able to create a new Oracle account with the same e-mail address is an opportunity for you to regain access to your own account, but it also means that there is a risk of someone else gaining access to your account, especially if you're using an e-mail provider that recycles addresses.

You can learn surprisingly much about a company by studying how they interact with customers and users of their products and services. Honestly, Oracle makes Microsoft look like Santa Claus by comparison. You can hardly get in touch with Microsoft if you run into account issues, but on the other hand they will never delete your account for no good reason. Oracle on the will give you the "helping" treatment, all while stabbing you in the back. I hate dishonest and pretense.
