&gt;"I see people, not color" seems like an ideal world to me.

Certainly. I agree this would be a good ideal.

&gt;Black poor people are still poor people. Which means they would always be apart of the equation.

So, there's a difference between using "color-blindness" interpersonally vs. how we develop institutional policy. Not assuming a POC is poorer, less educated or victim to negative cultural characteristics generally is a better way to interact with people. However, being color-blind in policy advocacy; not allowing for protected classes for instance; is harmful. 

Taking a color-blind position in something like voter ID would certainly be an ignorant and harmful position. (although most politicians advocating for these policies aren't ignorant and are actively trying to suppress minority working-poor class voters). If we were to require a government issued ID at the polling station to vote. Both race and class ought to be considered. 

Or an even better example might be with affirmative action-like policies. I think it's safe to assume that in many areas of the US, because of negative biases towards minorities, they're less likely to be hired than a white person with the same qualifications. There have been a few large [studies](https://www.nber.org/papers/w29053) demonstrating this by submitting identical resumes to employers with black or white sounding names. The white sounding names were more likely to get a call back from the employers. This shows that people aren't color-blind in practice and therefore, we probably don't want to be color-blind in our policy prescriptions. 

&gt; In the Spider-Man:Miles Morales game, it ends with a black guy saying he's OUR Spider-Man which makes me cringe because it feels like the implication is black people can't look up to and admire white heroes or vice versa. It's really strange.

Yeah, it probably is a bit and this type of thing is often cynically used by media companies to appear concerned with racial justice. But I don't think it's a bad thing to make some effort to give a bit more representation to different minorities and cultures in popular media.
