&gt;I worry the movie would make some people think, okay I’ll just sit back and pollute and consume as much as I want without any thought for the environment, because there’s no way out from here. But that’s a trick that still helps the pockets of fossil fuel companies.

This is always being worried and concerned trolled about, but the reality is that ‘we can’t be honest about what’s happening because people might lose hope’ has just gotten us decades of ignorant and hopeful people making no real changes or progress. 

The reality is that what helps the system *is exactly the viewpoint you’re espousing*. ‘Don’t panic, don’t give up hope, things can change and get better’ is a message of complacency and the status quo. It says do nothing and let the system work it out. What actually drives change, what actually causes people to act, is understanding and accepting the situation for what it is, losing all hope that it will improve itself and get better on its own, and becoming desperate enough to do something about it. It’s clear that you’re still stuck in the former rather than the latter mindset, and that’s the line that is spoonfed to scientists and activists to keep them from doing anything too radical and actually try to cause real change. It’s a way to pigeonhole anyone who would actually possible be a real threat or risk to the system at large. “Just vote and protest, guys! Call your congressman! Donate to Tesla!” 

In reality, the real reason the meteor fails as an analogy is because it is an external threat. Climate change is an internal threat (although arguably the society’s greed in the movie is the real threat). It’s caused by the very system that must change to stop it. And the system at large, much like a biological organism, organically shifts and accounts to defend itself and protect itself from change. Hence us needing to have the above discussion, and us being able to talk about this at all because nothing we’re saying matters and we’re not going to do anything about it that could be an actual threat/cause actual change. To borrow another movie as an analogy, you never left the matrix my friend :) you’re just one level deeper.
