I don't follow. 

Logic is a tool. It is most useful when there are true absolutes. The movements in a vaccum of a perfect sphere at a known velocity across an absolutely smooth surface rebounding off a pefect perpendicular surface can be predicted very far into the future. Or the movements of astral bodies far too massive to be affected by all but the strongest forces.

Yet in the physical world we live in, on our scale, there are often more variables than can be logically accounted for.  A pool ball on a pool table cannot be predicted with the same efficacy as the perfect experiment. The ball is flawed, the surface irregular, the wood of the table is affected by humidty, surrounding vibration, a drink spilled an hour ago. The imperfections of reality limit the usefullness of pure logic in nearly every aspect of daily life. 

This is why many theories in maths and logics are products of inspired moments and can often take lifetimes to prove- logic may be a universal constant, but the variables are far to numerous to account for without computers of great capacity and speed and specialized equipment to collect data, or without that intuitive leap of understanding that may defy the current understandings of the nature of reality. 

Thought exercise has the same value as physical exercise. Technically speaking, moving a weight up and down so that it ends in the same place it began is a worthless act. If one only considers the weight. When the goal is buuilding or toning muscle, the weight isn't the point, the body is. 

Exercising the mind and coming to conclusions that can later be discarded isn't worthless. It's a process. And those early conclusions were necessary steps along the way.

Self awareness is one causal factor in a lack of generally peaceful existance- that is my conclusion. I reached this conclusion over time. I have found that the concept "ignorance is bliss" reveals itself repeatedly in observation. Those who move through life without questioning their experience are often easily pleased, easily amused, easily distracted, and find a sort of peace more easily(not peace in the sense of no war, but internal peace); while those who press for answers to existential questions and push the boundaries on knowledge are often exhausted, unhappy, dissatisfied and even appalled and angry at the state of things. The more awareness one has, the less the brain disengages from things of seeming import. Unless those people practise habits of self disciplined focus and acceptance which allow them to work past hangups and not rhuminate on things out of their control. I observe that animals without self awareness are even less likely to lose sleep to worry about things they can't control, to second guess themselves and reflect persistently on poor choices in the past, or to suffer from mental illness not related to a physical pathology or trauma.

I have observed these things to be true. Not as a rule, not as a constant, but just an observable trend to the human condition.

This is not a bad thing unless one sees it as bad. Is it better to be ignorant and blissful, or to be aware and in conflict with reality, to struggle to find peace in a world where humans create most of their own problems? This is only something the individual can answer. 

It is observation without judgement. Personally, i would rather work to find peace than to be unaware. And i am often advised that i would be happier if i didn't think so much.

The self awareness is a biproduct of intelligence- it requires sufficient intelligence to exist. Effectively sing, or even just existing with, the self awareness once it does exist requires more than just intelligence. 

If this were not true, the most intelligent people would also be the most well adjusted people- which is not the case. People with measurably higher than average intelligence- whose use of logic would be very effective in a perfect environment with absolute rules- are not measurably more satisfied, happy, peaceful, or well adjusted than those of average intelligence. 

Instinct and animal wiring are not neccessarily a deficit to humanity. Like most things, it isn't absolute.  Four people in my life set off alarms bells in my body the moment i met them- all four turned out to be predators of a sort and some part of me recognized that. I married one of those people. I overrode my instinct and decided that what i knew that was logical- no criminal record, loving family, solid history of dependability and future planning, clean, tidy, well spoken, that all of that was more meaningful than my gut instinct. My animal brain must be wrong.

It was not. It did not go well. 

Many people speak of the red flags that rise with people and situations, personal and professional, that if they had paid attention to, would have prevented some measure of suffering in their life. 

Our innate instincts are the product of generations of survival. Our base brain is looking for things that our logic brain doesn't consider. Yet, because survival is often a messy business, this does not make all self-preservation instict beneficial (or legal) in the present. Our intelligence and self awareness can help us overcome to succeed, but also overcome to put ourselves at risk without reward. 

Self awareness may only require intelligence in order to occur. But in order for self awareness to be an effective tool, there must be more.
