&gt; that's the whole point of being anti-natalist?

Oh, honey no- The whole point is not wanting people to suffer. Hatred does not come into it. What a sad perspective.

We don't hate natalists; we feel sorry for them because they have been brainwashed, are slaves to animalistic instincts, and don't know any better. Is what they're doing wrong? Obviously. Does that make them bad people? Obviously not. 

&gt;You act like trans men can't get pregnant or have abortions too, you moron. Criticizing a natalist who happens to be a woman doesn't make me a misogynist. Ever heard the term "birthing people"? For a trans person you sound pretty trans-phobic.

Oh, piss off- I'm a transman; I'm fully aware of that, but given the context of female reproductivity and the subject being a woman, I went with misogynist. Hateful, intolerant, and ignorant of female reproductive rights, especially when combined with social status as a woman, describes you just as well so let's go with that instead. 

Also, the reason that transmen also struggle with getting abortions etc. is because when it comes to healthcare related to our sexes, people will more often than not see us and therefore treat us as women. Just because we're not, doesn't mean that we aren't subject to misogynistic attitudes just the same as women. Everyone has to recognise us as men for us to be exempt from being subject to misogyny and unfortunately, many people don't, especially in the context of female reproductive health. 

&gt;Do you really think the woman is that immature 

People in coercive/ abusive relationships are immature, TIL. I'm not saying it was the case here, but with the information we have it's just as possible as your conclusion. 

&gt;you're just trying to give her the benefit of the doubt, most people out there are natalists, the chances of her being forced into late pregnancy are way too slim to even suggest. She most likely intended to have kids.

1) Yes, of course I'm trying to give her the benefit of the doubt. Innocent until proven guilty, no? Must be hard to always see the worst in everyone and always be so cynical

2) You are highly ignorant of the way that social pressures affect our actions. If the entire world is expecting you to have a baby including your friends and family, I can't blame you for caving to that sort of pressure, even though it's the wrong thing to do. People are not perfect and many people haven't had the privilege of learning about antinatalism the way that we have. Many people are indoctrinated from a young age to be religious; it's not easy to undo all of that and abstain from having kids, especially not if you don't understand why it's a bad thing to have them. 

&gt;Its a matter of life and death, hence why i used the word killing coz I didn't know what better words to use to describe the situation at that moment, like what the actual fuck is wrong with you? You're dragging things way out of context

Um, letting someone die, like I've told you about three times now. 

&gt;Dude, the internet is clearly not for you, jfc https://www.dictionary.com/e/pop-culture/grammar-nazi/

I know what it means and I think it's tasteless phrase and there's a reason why only children use it now; Like natalists, they don't know any better. By your logic I have a right to hate you for using it, no?

I'm very glad you're an antinatalist; nobody should be perpetuating such a hateful, intolerant, and miserable mindset. I'm done with this conversation. You're ignorant and full of spite, but I really hope you learn to be more optimistic, happy, and accepting of others. Good luck to you
