&gt;What Karl Marx called “capitalism” was in fact mercantilism

This is just nonsense as since the beginnings of the industrial revolution simple commodity production would be exchanged into generalized commodity production alongside with wage labor becoming the dominant system over that of serfdom or slavery, this is exactly what Marx wrote about in Capital and is exactly what the Capitalist mode of production is. But regardless nice attempt at some historical revisionism. 

&gt;making the absurd moral statement that business owners are evil, greedy thieves who steal the productivity from their employees.

Not once does Marx ever make a "moral statement" that the Bourgeoisie is evil, in fact this is the kind of idealist nonsense that you would hear from Utopian Socialists. Instead Marx argues that just as the Bourgeoisie were historically compelled to rise up against Feudalism and the nobility, so too will the Proletariat against the Bourgeoisie. This is simply historical materialism. 

&gt;The economic calculation problem, which is a complex subject that I will not cover here.

Because you don't understand it yourself and use it as a buzzword. 

&gt;When everyone is paid the same 

Read something for once in your life: 

&gt;Within the co-operative society based on common ownership of the means of production, the producers do not exchange their products; just as little does the labor employed on the products appear here as the value of these products, as a material quality possessed by them, since now, in contrast to capitalist society, individual labor no longer exists in an indirect fashion but directly as a component part of total labor. The phrase "proceeds of labor", objectionable also today on account of its ambiguity, thus loses all meaning.

&gt;What we have to deal with here is a communist society, not as it has developed on its own foundations, but, on the contrary, just as it emerges from capitalist society; which is thus in every respect, economically, morally, and intellectually, still stamped with the birthmarks of the old society from whose womb it emerges. Accordingly, the individual producer receives back from society – after the deductions have been made – exactly what he gives to it. What he has given to it is his individual quantum of labor. For example, the social working day consists of the sum of the individual hours of work; the individual labor time of the individual producer is the part of the social working day contributed by him, his share in it. He receives a certificate from society that he has furnished such-and-such an amount of labor (after deducting his labor for the common funds); and with this certificate, he draws from the social stock of means of consumption as much as the same amount of labor cost. The same amount of labor which he has given to society in one form, he receives back in another.

&gt;Here, obviously, the same principle prevails as that which regulates the exchange of commodities, as far as this is exchange of equal values. Content and form are changed, because under the altered circumstances no one can give anything except his labor, and because, on the other hand, nothing can pass to the ownership of individuals, except individual means of consumption. But as far as the distribution of the latter among the individual producers is concerned, the same principle prevails as in the exchange of commodity equivalents: a given amount of labor in one form is exchanged for an equal amount of labor in another form.
Hence, equal right here is still in principle – bourgeois right, although principle and practice are no longer at loggerheads, while the exchange of equivalents in commodity exchange exists only on the average and not in the individual case.
In spite of this advance, this equal right is still constantly stigmatized by a bourgeois limitation. The right of the producers is proportional to the labor they supply; the equality consists in the fact that measurement is made with an equal standard, labor.

&gt;But one man is superior to another physically, or mentally, and supplies more labor in the same time, or can labor for a longer time; and labor, to serve as a measure, must be defined by its duration or intensity, otherwise it ceases to be a standard of measurement. This equal right is an unequal right for unequal labor. It recognizes no class differences, because everyone is only a worker like everyone else; but it tacitly recognizes unequal individual endowment, and thus productive capacity, as a natural privilege. It is, therefore, a right of inequality, in its content, like every right. Right, by its very nature, can consist only in the application of an equal standard; but unequal individuals (and they would not be different individuals if they were not unequal) are measurable only by an equal standard insofar as they are brought under an equal point of view, are taken from one definite side only – for instance, in the present case, are regarded only as workers and nothing more is seen in them, everything else being ignored. Further, one worker is married, another is not; one has more children than another, and so on and so forth. Thus, with an equal performance of labor, and hence an equal in the social consumption fund, one will in fact receive more than another, one will be richer than another, and so on. To avoid all these defects, right, instead of being equal, would have to be unequal.

&gt;But these defects are inevitable in the first phase of communist society as it is when it has just emerged after prolonged birth pangs from capitalist society. Right can never be higher than the economic structure of society and its cultural development conditioned thereby.

So I'd love to know where you got this notion that Marx advocated for people being "paid the same" when this is exactly what he's criticizing the Social Democratic party in Germany for in regards to the "undiminished proceeds of labor"(nevermind the fact that Marx specifically wrote that commodity production and the Law of Value wouldn't exist under the Socialist mode of production so how would worker's be "paid the same" anyways if wage labor is nonexistent). 

&gt;There are no two ways about it, Communism is an evil doctrine.

Was it evil for the Bourgeoisie to have their own revolutions against the nobility and absolute monarchs in Europe? 

&gt;Finally, we get to the real issue here, which is that communist propagandists and politicians know that communism and socialism are incapable of working. Their end game is not communism or socialism, but feudalism. Communism and socialism are simply excellent propaganda tools for achieving it because people, in general, are very stupid and ignorant and economics is complicated and people just can’t be bothered to learn it. So politicians dangle the promise of “free stuff” in front of the populace and wait for the votes to roll in. However, in order to achieve full feudalism, they need a way to keep people under control when their idiotic policies blatantly fail. How do they do that? Well, all they need is a base of fanatical supporters who are insane sociopaths that are perfectly comfortable inflicting violence on anyone who disagrees with them, and who will never admit the failures of their ideology and its policies no matter how blatantly obvious they are. And that, incidentally, is why all modern western nations are infested with ‘social justice nonsense. By raising children to be obedient sociopaths who riot on command and who go around loudly proclaiming that 2 + 2 = 5, modern leftist politicians now have both a steady supply of votes and an army of thugs to terrorize their political opponents. It’s an age-old strategy that could have been lifted verbatim out of Mussolini’s playbook. So yes, that wasn’t real communism. Or maybe it was real communism and its ‘failures’ were just capitalist propaganda. Or maybe the person you’re talking to is just a brainwashed sociopath trying to gaslight you and all those communist countries really were genuine abominations which is why they collapsed and why people flee them in droves.

Please just touch grass.
