Exactly. If you think vaccination will protect you go vaccinate yourself, but don't blame it on those who don't want to do it. Vaccinated people get infected, get sick, and transmit the virus. So vaccines are obviously very low effective, in terms that maybe only provide some sort of protection to the older most sensitive generation who has the most compromised immune systems. 

Flu types of viruses constantly mutate, which is why for a long time now, flu vaccines are not recommended to young healthy adults by the NHS in the UK, because they're almost never effective. RNA viruses, like Corona, standard flu and measles, are more prone to changes and mutations compared to DNA viruses, such as herpes, smallpox, and human papillomavirus (HPV). Covid-19 will almost certainly mutate to Covid-XY which would be totally resilient to the vaccines used right now, if that's not the case already. That's why flu vaccines are only seasonally recommended to older people with health issues - the same generation that is dying to Corona and to seasonal flues. Young healthy people without underlying diseases mostly have immune systems strong enough to fight viruses like these, and it's exactly what is happening with Coronavirus where we have 85% of people almost completely asymptomatic or with mild symptoms. The virus is so contagious that I think most of us have it without even realizing it. So convincingly the best way to turn this pandemic into endemic, is that everyone starts living a normal life and we expose ourselves to the virus so that we build stronger collective immunity. That is exactly the thing that will weaken the virus and make it be even less dangerous. The most vulnerable groups of people are free to vaccinate themselves, wear masks, and be more cautious in general, but this situation where even the young healthy people are obligated to vaccinate themselves in order to live a normal life, is just showing in what terrible state human "hive mind" is at the moment. People are generally ignorant and scared, hence the manipulation through corona can be continued. This sub is the perfect example of it. We aLl mUsT bE VacCiNateD iN oRdEr t0 bEaT tHiS teRRiBLe diSeAsE. ThAt iS tHe OnLy wAy.
